
                               1 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              The Highlander: University of California - Riverside

                            January 10, 2012 Tuesday

Editorial: UCR's protest guidelines unfairly restrict students' rights

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 592 words


Courtesy of PostNewsGroup.com

In what can only be characterized as a vast overreaction to the Occupy Davis and
Berkeley protests, both of which were marred by police violence, UCR
administrators released a list of official "protest guidelines" in late November
that significantly limits the freedom of students to demonstrate on campus
property.  The guidelines have since been roundly criticized for their
unnecessary and unconstitutional demands of students.

Among other things, they suggest that students clear protests with the Dean of
Student's Office at least two weeks before they are set to occur.  Under the
guidelines, everything from location and route to management and cleanup would
have to be approved by the administration prior to any demonstration.  Following
an immense backlash from the UCR student and faculty community, which argued
that the guidelines violated students' right to free speech, Chancellor White
decided to remove them from the site on which they had been posted.

Since then, administrators have been scrambling for a way to rectify what was
clearly a rash effort to preempt violent incidents like the ones that occurred
at Occupy Davis and Berkeley.  There is little doubt that they had very good
intentions in mind when they drafted up the guidelines, but the notion that
restricting student protest is the right way to go about preventing violence is
remarkably unintuitive.  It is UCR's responsibility to ensure that students
remain safe on and around campus-not the other way around.

However, UCR's leaders seem to be under the illusion that the primary reason
that other Occupy UC protests have gotten out of hand is the student populations
involved in them.  Such is clearly not the case.

So far, all of the Occupy UC protests have been exceptionally peaceful-no
rioting or violence to speak of, at least not on the part of the protesters.
Police, on the other hand, have been using excessive force to remove
demonstrators who refuse to pack up after being asked to leave.  Administrators
at Davis and Berkeley went to so far as to allow authorities to use pepper spray
and batons to disburse crowds.

Students are not the problem here, and acting as though they are is as insulting
as it is unsettling.  If UCR is really interested in protecting its students
from the violence of past Occupy protests, perhaps it should look into
regulating the forces responsible for it.

Police should not be told to respond to peaceful protests with whatever force
they deem necessary for the occasion.  True, there are some circumstances that
call for protesters to be removed and arrests to be made, but not all of those
situations also call for the use of pepper spray or batons.  We need a safe and
reliable system for determining when authorities should be allowed to use
varying degrees of crowd control tactics against UC students.

The coming weeks will reveal whether or not Chancellor White has taken to heart
the onslaught of objections that followed the release of the protest guidelines.

 He has organized a task force composed of students, staff and faculty to revamp
the guidelines in time for the UC regent's meeting, which is scheduled to take
place at UCR next week.  The meeting, at which regents will discuss further
budget cuts and tuition hikes, is sure to attract a large crowd of protesters.

We can only hope that UCR administrators have learned from their (and others')
mistakes and that our campus will not become the next victim of the police
violence that has sullied the Occupy UC movement in recent months.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Columbia Chronicle: Columbia College

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday

Protesters Restricted

BYLINE: Kaley Fowler

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 787 words


To ensure that things run smoothly when Chicago hosts the G8 and NATO summits
this May, Mayor Rahm Emanuel and the City Council have spent much time planning
for these sometimes controversial events. But it is Emanuel's most recent
initiative to corral protestors that has manyChicagoans outraged.

Mayor Rahm Emanuel speaks to the media last year after his election. The mayor
recently announced plans to amend several provisions of the Municipal Code in
regard to protest activity at the upcoming G8 and NATO Summits.

At a Dec. 14 City Council meeting, Emanuel introduced his plan to amend several
provisions of the Municipal Code in regard to protest activity at the upcoming
summits. The provisions, contrary to the public's initial assumption, will not
be lifted when the summits leave Chicago but instead will remain in effect.

Included in the provisions are stipulations that prohibit any person from using
public parks between 11 p.m. - 6 a.m. daily, a requirement that protest groups
have one parade marshal for every 100 participants and a two-hour time limit for
all demonstrations.

The amendments also include a provision granting Chicago Police Supt. Garry
McCarthy the authority to deputize any law enforcement personnel who he sees fit
during protest activity. Along with Emanuel's new set of rules, fines for
resisting police will more than double from the previous charge of $25-$500, to
anywhere from $200-$1,000.

All groups planning to protest the summits are required to obtain a parade
permit from the city. According to Joe Iosbaker, spokesman for the United
National Antiwar Committee, whose group has made several attempts to get the
right to march at Daley Plaza, 50 W. Washington St., the task has proven
difficult so far.

Iosbaker explained that the UNAC tried for months to set up meetings with city
officials to discuss the conditions of their plans to protest, but these were
ignored. In November 2011, the group received a notice from the managers of
Daley Plaza informing them that no one would be allowed to assemble outside
Daley Plaza during the summits from May 15-22.

Following their six-month struggle to gain rights to protest outside Daley
Plaza, Iosbaker was informed that the UNAC's application for a parade permit was
approved by the city on Jan. 12. However, because the summits have been declared
a national special security event, the Secret Service must now review and
approve the UNAC's request before the group can follow through with the protest.

Iosbaker added that the UNAC has no "knowledge of any process, of any policy, of
any rules or guidelines under which the Secret Service will be making their
decision." With this advancement in their protest initiative, the UNAC currently
awaits word from the federal government regarding its pending parade permit.

"We feel that the federal government should, as the city has, recognize our
First Amendment rights to assemble and to bring our message to these heads of
state," Iosbaker said.

While the UNAC awaits the Secret Service's decision, Emanuel's proposal remains
a topic of heavy debate in Chicago.

"This proposal will act as one more tool to assist the City of Chicago in
preparing, planning and coordinating for a successful event," said Gary
Schenkel, executive director for the Office of Emergency Management and
Communications, in a written statement.

While city officials claim that the provisions will help to maintain order
during the summits, skepticism still surrounds the proposed legislative update.

"I think one of the elements here that needs to be part of the discussion is
really the fact that we need to figure out how these rules will interact with
whatever plan the city ultimately announces for that event and what impact that
will have on free speech in Chicago," said Ed Yohnka, director of communications
and public policy for the American Civil Liberties Union.

"From our perspective, that's an issue, whatever happens with this particular
set of rules, that we need to keep our eye on."The question of whether or not
First Amendment rights will be violated as a result of the new provisions is one
that plagues many planning to protest this May.

According to Tom Alexander, spokesman for the mayor, the provisions are intended
"to protect people's First Amendment rights, while ensuring public safety."

Despite reassurance from city officials that the First Amendment will be
protected through the new rules, many protest groups are still wary of the
assertion's validity.

"The restrictions are extremely ominous," said Joe Lombardo, co-chair of the
UNAC. "[These restrictions] are made to destroy protests. We need to be
protesting the policies."

The new policy is to be reviewed by the City Council on Jan. 18.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             Daily Californian: University of California - Berkeley

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

Two arrested, plastic pellets fired during Thursday Riverside protests

BYLINE: Jamie Applegate

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 563 words


Police officers arrested two protesters and struck several others with plastic
pellets during a demonstration Thursday surrounding theUC Board of Regents
meeting at UC Riverside.

The two individuals arrested - identified as Kenneth Ehrlich, 39, and Humberto
Rivera, 25 - were booked on suspicion of felony assault on a police officer,
according to Riverside campus spokesperson Kris Lovekin.

Nine police officers also sustained minor injuries, and about 11 people in the
crowd suffered bruises from the pellets, Lovekin said.

For UC Riverside junior Stephen Fong, the protests on his campus marked a
dramatic shift in the atmosphere of the student body.

Fong works in the Highlander Union Building, where Thursday's meeting was held
and where hundreds of demonstrators gathered to protest tuition increases.

Going to work the morning of the meeting, Fong found himself sharing his
elevator ride up with regents and his elevator ride down in the afternoon with
riot police, watching as the mood of the protest became tenser as the crowd grew
and more police officers arrived.

"I remember standing on this ledge, and everyone was chanting, and all of a
sudden chants were turning into screams," Fong said. "The whole mood changed
almost instantly from chanting and protest to mayhem and chaos. I felt anxious,
and ... from that point on, everyone was afraid of the cops."

[youtube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4A0hdq87cOc]

Lovekin said officers fired about 10 hard plastic pellets, mainly at two
individuals who attempted to use metal barricades to break through a line of
police officers.

According to Lovekin, the method of force used was selected because it would be
the least harmful, with a level of force similar to that of a paintball gun.

"If you play paintball, you know that it does sting, but it's not going to put
you in the hospital," Lovekin said.

In addition to officers from the UC Riverside police department, officers from
the Riverside city police department and the Riverside County Sheriff's
Department were called in via mutual aid for a total of about 200 officers,
Lovekin said.

The protests come in the wake of the implementation and subsequent
reconsideration of assembly guidelines by Riverside campus administrators, which
would require events to be planned in advance. Additionally, the guidelines
require that a staff member be present at student protests and prohibit signs
attached to sticks or poles.

The guidelines, removed from the UC Riverside website by Chancellor Timothy
White and announced in a statement released Dec. 13, are currently under the
review of a task force formed by the chancellor.

"We want to facilitate free speech and free assembly - we absolutely believe in
those things," Lovekin said. "The only part we try to regulate is the part that
might impact the safety of our students or the property of the campus."

Lovekin added that the guidelines were designed to prevent property and physical
damage.

Fong said that in retrospect, he feels the demonstrations were ultimately
positive events for the campus.

"We kind of have this reputation of being passive and uninterested, so I think
that was sort of broken down yesterday," Fong said. "I know that I and a lot of
other people feel proud of the school because we got together to do something."

Senior staff writer J.D. Morris contributed to this report.

Jamie Applegate covers higher education.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              Daily Bruin: University of California - Los Angeles

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Collaboration is Capitol

BYLINE: Brittany Chu

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 651 words


The atmosphere throughout the UC system has been one of turmoil following the
events of last quarter "" the UC Davis pepper spray incidents, protests on
Berkeley's campus and the UC Board of Regent's decision to postpone their
November meeting. But students should not take this as a cue to become bitter
and should surely not reject the idea of working together with the Regents.On
Wednesday, Sherry Lansing, chair of the Board of Regents, announced the May
regents meeting would be held in Sacramento so that students, alumni, faculty
and regents could rally at the capital together to "spotlight the adverse
effects that cuts in state funding have had on the university and to build
public support for re-investment in higher education," according to a statement
released by the UC Office of the President. This marks a small, but significant,
step on the part of the regents in alleviating tensions built on years of
student frusation with budget cuts and fee increases.In recent years, students
seemed to have lost faith in the people meant to represent and support them, an
indication that dialogue between students and campus and system adminisators has
been stalled.Rather than being at odds with one another, students, faculty and
regents should be looking toward the root cause of budget turmoil "" the
state.Participating in the rally at the capitol would not only present a united
front, but it would also show Sacramento the seriousness of the effects that
budget cuts have had on the UC, while helping to create an open forum for
students and adminisators to brainstorm solutions.

The protest is set to take place on May 17. It has been proposed that students
be given a leave from classes to be able to drive up to the protest. This seems
wise, as a show of numbers would also be a show of support and allow for
students to take advantage of the opportunity to have their voices heard."When
we have the opportunity to shape a protest, we need to take the opportunity,"
said Joelle Gamble, the Undergraduate Student Association Council external vice
president. Most students likely did not anticipate the drastic state budget cut
that has cut funding to UCLA by half "" $1.4 billion since 2009.Recently, the
University of California Student Association, agreed to support the regents'
rally at the capitol in May by organizing groups of students to join the
protestors. This show of faith in the regents is not only a restoration of faith
in our leaders, but also a good show of teamwork.Meeting at the capitol would
not only demonsate that both regents and students are united in achieving a
mutually acceptable solution to state fund decreases, but would also show that
both groups are serious about calling attention to this issue, and the capitol
should take note. Rather than maintaining a distinct separation, the UC Regents
and students should be working to create an atmosphere of collaboration and
cooperation. Protesting together at the state capitol would do just this. It is
imperative that leaders from USAC and our campus adminisation work to mobilize
our resources to create a song presence at the capital.Protesting together is a
show of support for students by the regents, ying to involve students in their
brainstorming processes as they y to think of ways to mitigate budget
shortfall.With both students and adminisation working together, it is more
likely that a solution accepted and created by both parties can be reached.The
Board of Regents recently met with UC Riverside students in order to discuss
their proposal for an alternative way to fund the UC.This openness to hearing
what students have to say should be continued at the capital in May, but
students also need to meet the regents more than halfway in order to make the
rally meaningful and proactive.Email Chu at bchu@media.ucla.edu Send general
comments to opinion@media.ucla.edu, or tweet at us @DBOpinion.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Brock Press: Brock University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

More protests erupt in Egypt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 683 words


Wednesday, Jan. 25 marked the first year anniversary of the revolution that
ousted the former Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak. Tens of thousands of Egyptians
gathered in Tahrir Square in mixed celebration and protest.

A year ago protests broke out in Egypt as part of an uprising against the
autocratic rule of its President Hosni Mubarak - a regime that lasted 30-years
and ended when Mubarak resigned on Feb. 11 2011 after 18 days of protests. Now a
new milestone has been reached, as the "state of emergency" that had been in
place since 1981, and which justified the regime's draconian legal system, has
been partially rescinded.

The Egypt uprising was a major event in the Arab Spring uprisings, which began
in Tunisia and then spread across the Middle East and North Africa - including
Libya, Syria and Yemen.

"Everyone should know that the revolution, demonstrations and protests are not
an end in themselves, but are ways to effect radical, categorical change in the
system," said a statement from the Muslim Brotherhood, a major Egyptian
political party banned under the Mubarak regime.

"We call upon the people to remain vigilant [...] in order to maintain this
peaceful revolutionary legitimacy until this goal is achieved."

In opposition to the military rulers, activists in Egypt used the anniversary to
organize demonstrations - stating the military is hindering any real democratic
change.

In response to the planned mass protests, the military council had announced on
Jan. 24 that they would lift the decades old state of emergency the country had
been under since 1981, which would limit the government's ability to conduct
extra-judicial arrests and detentions. However, the military council will leave
in place a clause where the laws still apply in cases of what they have deemed
"thuggery", though no definition of "thuggery" has been offered - which has lead
to charges that the law is too vague.

"One whole year has passed since the outbreak of Jan. 25 revolution, but it is
still not the time to disclose several facts concerning the months that preceded
the revolution," said a statement from Egypt's Supreme Council of the Armed
Forces . "The time will come when we will talk while we are at our units
protecting the land, skies and seas of Egypt. Then we will reveal several truths
that will make this nation proud of its armed forces"

Human rights activists say that the act of lifting the state of emergency is
"misleading" as it still leaves a lot of room for arbitrary detention.

Some of the other demands the people have of the military are justice for those
who suffered during the regime and the uprising.

The speaker of parliament said that the military will form a fact finding
committee to deal with the issues of justice, in regards to the people's
demands.

Despite the lifting of the state of emergency and the promise of justice, Egypt
still erupted into mass protests on Jan. 25, which continued to Jan. 27.

On Jan. 27, hundreds of thousands of Egyptians again filled the streets and
Tahrir Square to protest once more - demonstrations which are now being called
"Friday for Dignity".

The current situation in Egypt is "very complicated", said Terrence Carroll,
Brock University Political Science Professor. Carroll explained that these
demonstrations are taking place now because, as it is the first anniversary of
the revolution, many different groups that originally supported the ousting of
Mubarak are coming together again.

An election to determine the new ruling party of Egypt will not take place until
June, and until that time the military will remain in power.

Carroll said that this does not sit well with many of the secularist and liberal
activists who began the original revolution, as citizens now fear that they will
have gone from one military regime to another.

"The Muslim Brotherhood who did best in the election [...] seems to support the
military."

The Brotherhood, who joined the revolution last year late in the game did the
best in primary elections and if they win in June and allow the military to
retain power, people fear nothing will have changed.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Brock Press: Brock University

                             January 9, 2012 Monday

What we missed

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 836 words


Kim Jong Il deceased

Kim Jong Il, the authoritarian leader of North Korea since 1994, died on Dec.
17, reportedly of a heart attack. On Dec. 30 Kim Jong Il's son, Kim Jong Un, was
declared Supreme Leader of North Korea by the ruling "Politburo of the Workers'
Party of Korea", following succession plans laid out by his father. Very little
is known about Kim Jong Un outside of the North Korean government - even his age
is only known vaguely. Kim Jong Il had been suffering from poor health since at
least 2008, when rumors spread that he had already died and had been replaced by
a body double. The power shift has created great uncertainty for North Korea's
future, as it is unknown whether Kim Jong Un will be able to keep the country
together, or if the already impoverished nation will fall into even harder
times.

Syrian government clamps down on dissent

The unrest in Syria has grown more deadly, as the mostly peaceful
anti-government protests continue to be violently opposed by the country's
military. The unrest, which began as part of the Arab Spring riots which toppled
the authoritarian governments of Tunisia, Egypt, and Libya, has led to the
deaths of an estimated 5,000 people, and has prompted the Arab League - a
consortium of Middle Eastern and North African states of which Syria is a member
- to send about 100 observers to ensure that the protestors are able to
demonstrate without risk of death or bodily harm. Syria has opposed the Arab
League's decision, and has made many ongoing attempts to thwart or impede the
observers' work.

United States to allow "indefinite detentions"

On Dec. 31 American President Barak Obama signed into law the National Defense
Authorization Act for the fiscal year of 2012 - which authorizes the United
States's military spending for that year. The NDAA has proven highly
controversial due to a provision it contains authorizing the "indefinite
detention," without trial, of American citizens who are suspected of terrorist
activity. During the debate, Obama had threatened to veto the bill if the
provision was included, but rescinded the threat following amendments. The bill
has been criticized by a number of news organizations and advocacy groups,
including the American Civil Liberties Union, Amnesty International, The New
York Times, The Guardian and Al Jazeera.

American Republican primary heats up

The campaign to select which member of the Republican Party will run against
incumbent US President Barack Obama in the 2012 US Presidential election has
proven to be heated. Following a series of gaffs, one-time frontrunner Herman
Cain dropped out of the race, and was recently followed by Michelle Bachman, who
ended her campaign after a poor showing in the recent Iowa primary election.
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich started his campaign with high poll numbers,
but soon lost his lead after failing to respond to a series of attack ads from
the other candidates. The Jan. 3 Iowa primary election - the first primary of
the election cycle - ended with a virtual tie between Mitt Romney and Rick
Santorum, the latter falling short of victory by less than votes, and with 10
both candidates holding 25 per cent of the vote. Libertarian candidate Ron Paul
placed third with 21 per cent, and Newt Gingrich placed fourth with 13 per cent.

Canada pulls out of Kyoto Protocol

On Dec. 12 the Federal Government officially rescinded Canada's support for the
1997 Kyoto Protocol - the only piece legally-binding international global
warming legislation in the world. The protocol - named after Kyoto, Japan, where
it was signed - required each signatory nation to reduce its output of
greenhouse gasses (including carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide), to 5.2
per cent below 1990 levels by 2012, and stated that each country that failed to
do so would be forced to pay sanctions. Canada ratified the treaty under Liberal
Prime Minister Jean Chrétien, and has been opposed since then by the
Conservative Party. Canada's withdrawal is the first in the Protocol's history,
and it is unclear whether it will lead to similar moves from other nations in
the future.

Russian election ends in controversy

Allegations of fraud following Russia's Dec. 11 parliamentary elections sparked
protests across the country, with tens of thousands of angry Russians filling
the streets in opposition to United Russia - the center-right political party
headed by current Prime Minister Vladimir Putin - whose victory in the election
has been called into question. Though the clear winners, United Russia's victory
proved disappointing, as their percentage of the vote had dropped to only 49 per
cent - far lower than 64 per cent they claimed in 2007. The Russian government
took many steps to stymie the demonstrations - arresting leaders and
demonstrators, increasing Moscow's police presence, and scheduling mandatory
high school tests during the expected protest time. Russia will hold its next
presidential elections in March, 2012, during which Vladimir Putin is expected
to run.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                          Anchor: Rhode Island College

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Revolution in Retrospect

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 932 words


Dec. 17, 2010. In the North African nation of Tunisia when Mohamed Bouazizi made
his way to the capitol building and set himself on fire. Bouazizi did so because
he felt the corrupt Tunisian government had taken away his right to live freely.
Bouazizi's brutal case of self-immolation was the spark that blew the powder keg
of massive amounts of rebellions and uprisings from New York to Cairo and
beyond. Some protests were peaceful while others warped into civil war, but
millions have been liberated in a year unprecedented with protests in the name
of freedom and human liberty.

In the beginning of 2011, a multitude of uprisings occurred in the Middle East
that has been dubbed as the Arab Spring. After the self-immolation of Bouazizi,
hundreds of thousands of Tunisians took to the streets and protested a corrupt
regime that had controlled Tunisia since 1987. Within 28 days Tunisian President
Zine El Abidine Ben Ali stepped down, showing the power of civil protest and
became an inspiration for demonstrations across the world.

After the uprising removed the autocratic regime of Ben Ali over Tunisian
people, the Middle East exploded with dozens of nations rising up against
totalitarianism. In many cases, the government provided concessions to make the
lives of their people better. In other cases, however, the government acted
adversely to demonstrations, which left to full-blown revolts.  In Egypt,
protests led to the removal of Hosni Mubarak, who ruled the nation with an iron
fist since 1981.

Meanwhile, Libyan protests against the malevolent dictator Muammar Gadhafi
turned violent as protestors were bombed and shot at by police forces. Libya
plunged into civil war, but with military intervention from the United Nations
the rebel lion was able to overthrow the oppressive Gadhafi regime in power
since 1969.

The brutal and oppressive regimes where many of these uprisings occurred had
been in power in decades. Why did the fervor not boil until 2011? Robyn Linde,
Political Science professor at Rhode Island College said that although the
rebellious feeling boiled under the surface in autocratic regimes for decades,
social media played a critical role in blowing this dissent into rebellion.

"Certainly the structural causes-economic stagnation, inequality, state
oppression-have kept these movements percolating just under the surface of
society for years," said Linde.  "The brutality and oppression of these regimes
kept anger simmering in these countries. The rise of social media amplified the
voices of discontent, but human action sparked these social movements."

"Social media have been crucial to all of these movements," Linde continued.
"The first videos of protesters to get out of Tunisia were videos posted on
Facebook and later downloaded onto Al-Jazeera's website. Social media sites and
tools told protestors where to go and where government soldiers were amassing
and setting up roadblocks."

While its roots may have begun in oppressed Middle East and North Africa, the
waves of dissent found itself on more prosperous shores. As the spring that saw
the Arab uprising blossomed, nations in Europe such as Portugal, Spain, Greece,
Italy and France all amassed rallies of their own to criticize an economic
collapse and a political system that no longer represented the people. Millions
of Europeans from Lisbon to Athens marched in an "Indignant Citizens Movement"
to let their distress known to their leaders.

In the United States, the "Occupy Wall Street" movement brought thousands to the
streets from Los Angeles to New York City to protest the growing socioeconomic
gap between the poor and wealthy.     After skewed results in the presidential
elections the Russian populous came out in the hundreds of thousands to demand
free elections. Across the world, millions felt empowered to act against the
powers that burdened them, and from Egypt to Wall Street to Moscow activists
were linked in the common goal of liberty.

"Activists always have their eye on the tactics and strategies of other
activists and other movements," said Linde, "They learn from one another. They
gain inspiration from one another. They seek empowerment from one another."

During waves of revolt, the liberties obtained come with devastation and
tragedy. In the Middle Eastern nation of Syria, the oppressive Ba'athist
government has turned to using tanks and snipers in attempts to force down
protesters. Thousands have died and thousands more have been imprisoned
indefinitely.

A civil war in Libya led to the deaths of up to 40,000 people. Revolution may
seem like a liberating and idealistic concept, but in truth the act of rebellion
may lead to more carnage and tyranny than the entity the rebellion stood
against. Freedom for nations is not straightforward after a revolution.

"In some ways, the struggle for democracy is even harder after authoritarian
leaders step down because there is a tendency to fear the lack of order and
freedom that emerges so quickly," said Linde. "People demand stability and
order; crime rises; different voices speak up and not all of them support
democracy."

In 2011, a wave of revolution swept the world as spontaneous as it was frenzied.
Dictators who ruled with an iron fist for decades were overthrown, and
governments throughout the world began to think twice about mistreating their
people. The winds of rebellion were carried by the revolutionary concept of
social media. Gruesome things happened during these tumultuous and uncertain
times. Yet the future looks bright for those who seek liberty no matter what the
cost.Follow and like us:

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The Tartan: Carnegie Mellon University

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Online reaction to anti-piracy bills shows internet's political influence

SECTION: FORUM; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 374 words


The Stop Online Piracy Act and the Protect IP Act encountered major opposition
this past Wednesday in the form of massive internet protests.

Thousands of websites responded to the proposed legislation that could grant
Congress power to censor sites for hosting or linking to sites that host
unlawfully uploaded copyrighted material. While the internet has always been
home to activism, the scope of these protests goes far beyond other internet
movements.

Wikipedia, Reddit, WordPress, and other websites ceased access to their normal
sites, instead displaying pages that warned users of the effects that SOPA and
PIPA could have on the state of the internet. The measures taken by these
websites to protest the SOPA and PIPA legislation are a landmark for
internet-based political activism.

Awareness of SOPA and PIPA increased dramatically in a very short time period
due to these protests. The amount of participation was incredible, with 7
million users utilizing Google's forms to petition Congress. But the effect that
the protests had outside of the internet is what is truly remarkable. According
to propublica.org, the number of opponents of SOPA and PIPA in Congress nearly
tripled Wednesday to total 101. Meanwhile, SOPA and PIPA lost 15 of their
supporters in Congress over the same time period.

The protests were successful, with representatives in the Senate and House
stating on Friday that they will postpone SOPA and PIPA legislation. Yet the
effect of these protests will go well beyond their purpose. This activism serves
as a reminder of the power of the internet, but more importantly as a reminder
of the power of people.

Censorship legislation as extreme as SOPA and PIPA would inhibit the same kind
of creativity and collaborative force that allowed for these protests to happen.

Inhibiting access to information would make such efforts for positive change
impossible. Censorship legislation like SOPA and PIPA threaten people's ability
to use the internet to its full potential.

Last year was marked by numerous protests and movements across the world, and
these blackouts continue the tradition into 2012.

The use of the internet as a tool for positive change, on such a large scope,
should be an inspiration for future activism.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              Daily Bruin: University of California - Los Angeles

                            January 27, 2012 Friday

Protesters silence years of loud denial of the Armenian genocide

BYLINE: Ani Torossian

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 801 words


I never identified myself as an Armenian. When asked, I was unusually quick to
point to my Russian heritage instead. I, as an Armenian, remained foolishly
silent and unresponsive to my own roots.So, why expect others to give more than
a passing glance when the Armenian Students' Association at UCLA organizes
campus events that will inevitably lead to emotional references of the Armenian
genocide?It becomes easy and effortless to discard the almost 97-year-old suggle
toward international recognition of the genocide as a repetitive, worn-out
effort that leaves many Armenians enenched in conflicts of the past.UCLA's
Armenian Students' Association, in partnership with Armenian student groups from
other universities across California, organized a sit-in on Thursday aimed at
educating their respective campus communities about the Armenian genocide and
demonsating the aftermath of the Turkish government's denial.

By late Thursday morning, Meyerhoff Park became an album of photographs as
members of the Armenian Students' Association displayed pictures of genocide
survivors "" grandparents, great-grandparents and relatives whose lives were
interrupted and whose hearts beat against the sound of Turkish gunshots.The
silent protest was titled "The Stain of Denial." Silence used as a method to
garner attention is just what this protest needed. Silence fueled curiosity. It
offered a fresh approach, revealing the organizers' confidence that even silence
breaks through the injustice of genocide denial.The silent method, however,
presupposes that people will turn their own curiosity into a desire to become
more informed themselves. This might be problematic and a bit idealistic.
Regardless, those willing to further inform themselves on issues such as the
Armenian genocide will find the way to do so "" whether or not the protest is a
silent sit-in. Pictures will leave more impact than any words could, said
Jennifer Movsessian, a third-year sociology and political science student and a
member of the Armenian Students' Association.Movsessian said it also helps her
realize that the Armenians could have been erased as a people, but are still
here "" at universities "" when at one point they might not have existed,
Movsessian said. Realistically, such a silent protest does very little for those
who don't know about the issue. It shows song solidarity between Armenians on
campus. It exposes passersby to an afternoon of moral inconvenience. And it
becomes forgotten the next day.But for those who do care, protests such as these
accomplish a great deal. At the very least, the protesters spoke through their
silence. They served as reminders of moral suffering from an Armenian
perspective. They did what was expected of them as Armenians.If viewed as an
informative event, the protest was a necessary one, regardless of the countless
times such educational efforts were made. It was necessary because such
student-organized events shoulder what history books and political speeches
rarely communicate: the Armenian genocide should be remembered, not silenced.The
current Turkish government claims that civil conflict rather than massacres
resulted in the death of nearly 300,000 Armenians at the hands of the Ottoman
Turks in the early 20th century. Armenians, on the other hand, maintain that 1.5
million innocent Christian Armenians were systematically killed in a
premeditated act instigated by the "Young Turks" of the Ottoman Empire against
the Christian minority. So while Turkey essentially denies that the massacre of
Armenians constitutes genocide, the historical record is not quick to hide
itself. James Gelvin, professor of history, said an overwhelming consensus
exists among historians that, under international law, the deliberate killings
of Armenians constitute genocide.The event organized by the Armenian Students'
Association comes at a time of political significance: The French senate
recently passed legislation deeming denial of the Armenian genocide
illegal.Although Turkey's prime minister, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, has labeled this
motion as racism, intolerance of hate speech can hardly be deemed racist. And
denial of the Armenian genocide is just that: a form of hate speech. Regardless
of the political agenda that prevents Turkey's formal apology, descendants of
genocide survivors continue to remember: UCLA's Armenian Students' Association
demonsates that silencing a genocide is dishonorable. I am an Armenian. But the
plight demonsated by the silent protest is not simply an Armenian one. It is our
collective obligation, not as Armenians, but as social individuals with song
principles, to honorably memorialize those who have suffered as victims of
genocide. Email Torossian at atorossian@media.ucla.edu Send general comments to
opinion@media.ucla.edu

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Princetonian: Princeton University

                            January 13, 2012 Friday

Students protest magic distribution

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 599 words


In a surprising turn of events at the normally apathetic University, a small
number of students have taken issue with the high concentration of magic on
campus and have staged a protest just inside the front gates.

"It's completely unfair that 99 percent of the country's magic is posessed by 1
percent of the population," protest organizer Dimitri Galleon said.

As a demonstration against the inaccurate amount of magic controlled by the
campus population, protestors have boycotted the use of Hogwarts facilities and
have instead set up an encampment by the edge of the forest.

According to University officials, the students involved are being sheltered by
a number of magical, space-enhancing tents borrowed from the school and are
being fed three square meals per day, in addition to brunch, bedtime snacks,
high tea, low tea, middle tea, no tea, elevenses, twelveses, the rare
thirteenses, a nightcap and steak, among others, by the house elves in the
school kitchens.

"Curly thinks it's really far to walk all the way to the angry students," Curly
the house elf said while shivering after a particularly rainy trek all they way
to the woods for yesterday's dinner. "But must work for masters. Students who
come to University pay for top-notch treatment; wouldn't come if they didn't
want to be served." Here Curly sneezed and the reporter offered her his dripping
handkerchief.

In addition, due to the additional attention paid to the University in light of
the protest and the proximity of the protesters' encampment to the Forbidden
Forest, the school has had to require a number of Dementors to work overtime to
keep the students safe. The Dementors gladly accepted this new assignment,
according to their foreman, as their previous post protecting Goldman Sachs info
sessions yielded them no souls at all.

"We just think that everyone should have the exact same amount of everything,"
Galleon explained while attempting to maintain his Patronus Charm. "I mean, you
should have the exact same life as everyone else, even if you were born under
different conditons. That's why I started the Polyjuice Potion for All! club."
The shapeshifting potion would indeed allow everyone to have the exact same
life, as long as the drinker has a lock of hair from the person he or she would
like to become. For the cause, Galleon explained, he has been collecting samples
from most of his female friends.

Several students said that they were shocked by the amount of momentum the
movement has gained, despite the fact that as of yesterday only six people were
actually participating in the protest. The PPA! club has seen a massive surge in
popularity, though its demographic remains largely male for some reason.

But students also criticized the effect that the protest was having on the rest
of the student body. At a recent Gringotts recruitment session for interested
seventh-year students, two of the protestors released a niffler into the crowd,
which made short work of the attendees' silver watches, earrings and, in one
unfortunate incident, gold nipple rings. It took several hours to return the
valuables to the disgruntled attendees.

"I get that they care about this, but I'm just trying to get a job here," said
one of the aforementioned disgruntled attendees, who asked not to be named for
fear future employers would find him indiscreet if he were quoted in The Daily
Prophet. "Unlike them, I think I can do more to fix the system if I'm not
working as a part-time store clerk at Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes."

This article is part of The Daily Princetonian's annual joke issue. Never trust
the news.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                          Anchor: Rhode Island College

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Future plans for the occupiers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 588 words


The tents are going down at Occupy Providence on Sunday, Jan. 29, marking over
100 days of protest at Burnside Park. On a recent visit to the park, over three
dozen tents remained, along with two structures, the info booth and a stage, all
of which must be taken down by midnight on the 29th. As protesters celebrated
the opening of the day shelter at Emmanuel House, some bemoaned the lack of time
they had to dismantle the camp.

"The commissioner hasn't been compassionate," said an occupier who gave her name
only as Joy. "Public Safety Commissioner Steven M. Paré came down here to tell
us to get out and didn't even congratulate us."

The city will not be involved with the breakdown of the tents as long as the
deadline is followed. That leaves the protesters with only 48 hours to dismantle
their entire encampment and haul all it all away.
While some protesters will be going back home, back to work and back to school,
others say they are determined to keep the movement alive. Jay Wills, who
coordinated the arts and culture group at Occupy Providence, has started a new
group called Divergent Spectrum. Providence residents can look forward to more
arts and music events by Wills, who organized collaborative projects at the park
with RISD students, held concerts and even helped Occupy raise funds by selling
artwork online that he and others created at the park.

Occupiers also intend to remain politically involved. Some identified causes
they are lobbying for, such as funding for RIPTA, more services for the
homeless, and protesting against acts such as the NDAA, which Senators Jack Reed
and Sheldon Whitehouse supported. Leading up to the agreement with the city,
occupiers staged a counter-protest at a pro-life rally at the State House.

Solidarity will keep the protesters together as they leave the park. Of the
potentially divisive issue of the abortion rally, a facilitator on the Occupy
Providence page said, "Even if we have different opinions, we all share a common
struggle. It is my belief that that common struggle can and will transcend our
differences."

In retrospect, occupiers expressed anger at the city and the media for what they
perceive as a lack of understanding and compassion for the movement.

Joy explained that NBC 10 has hours of footage of the rallies that was never
shown. Media stories on the movement often were accompanied by photos which were
taken outside tents rather than inside, and relied on interviews with the same
people.

Michael McCarthy, who early on became a popular media contact for the movement,
said he was frustrated with the media's single-minded focus on him.

During the duration of the occupation, protestors worked to keep the park clean
and safe for visitors. No drugs, alcohol or violence was allowed in the park,
and the two occupiers who patrolled the grounds each day kept a peaceful
atmosphere in the space. The occupiers held marches, protests and actions by
themselves and with other groups. When Brown University decided not to pay the
$4 million they promised the city in a verbal bargain, the occupiers supported
Providence firefighters as they picketed outside Hemingway's restaurant, which
Brown owns.

On March 15, the Yellow Peril Gallery in Providence opens a show which features
art inspired by Occupy Providence. The show will be the opener for Gallery
Night. Portraits of occupiers, sculpture and creative architecture will fill the
gallery. A series of light installations, called Occupy the Light, will also be
featured at the park.Follow and like us:

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             Daily Californian: University of California - Berkeley

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Regents meeting halted again by protests

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 364 words


Protests sparked by Thursday's UC Board of Regents meeting at UC Riverside
stalled proceedings for almost an hour and also later resulted in the detainment
of at least three protesters.

The initial protest marked the second consecutive time that demonstrations have
held up a board meeting. During the public comment portion of the Thursday
meeting, which started at about 8:45 a.m., an audience of students and others
expressed frustration with the regents and a perceived privatization of the
University of California.

Just as the next segment of the meeting was set to begin at about 9:40 a.m.,
demonstrators in the room held an impromptu human mic check - a form of protest
characteristic of the Occupy movement - and established a public forum.

The regents deliberated momentarily and then warned protesters that the meeting
might not continue.

"If this meeting continues to be interrupted, we will not be able to continue
the meeting," said board chair Sherry Lansing.

The regents retreated to a private room shortly thereafter. Lansing officially
called the meeting to order again at about 10:45 a.m. and said the student
protesters had "left peacefully."

The interruption was significant enough that the board was not able to complete
all of its scheduled business, according to UC spokesperson Steve Montiel.

"I'm sorry for the inconvenience that it caused everybody," Lansing said.

In a similar incident at November's board meeting - held across four UC campuses
via teleconference - interruptions from protests halted the meeting at three of
the campuses for over a half hour.

Aside from the initial morning protest, around 350 people engaged in
demonstrations in the area surrounding the Highlander Union Building, where the
regents met, according to UC Riverside spokesperson Kris Lovekin.

As of about 6:30 p.m., Lovekin said three people were detained in connection
with the protests. According to Lovekin, one of those protesters will be
released without charges, while the other two have charges recommended against
them, though she could not provide any further details.

Damian Ortellado of The Daily Californian contributed to this report.

J.D. Morris is the university news editor.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             The California Aggie: University of California - Davis

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Column: U.S. Bank direct action

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 761 words


In Bertolt Brecht's Threepenny Opera, gangster Mack the Knife pleads his case to
the audience, asking, "What is burgling a bank compared to founding a bank?"
When weighed next to the massive expropriations perpetrated by the banking
industry, Mack suggests, a few pilfered cash boxes are insignificant.

Yet, as we have seen time and time again, outrage stands in inverse proportion
to the scale of the crime.

It should come as no surprise, then, that when protesters staged sit-ins at U.S.
Bank, bystanders immediately complained they were an awful inconvenience. By
preventing people from accessing their full range of financial services, they
argued, the protesters horribly alienated the student body.

These naysayers fail to see the bigger picture. As tuition rises, students are
forced to supplement their already massive student loans (now over $1 trillion
nationwide) with additional debt. That's where U.S. Bank steps in, with its wide
array of credit cards.

According to a Sallie Mae study, one-third of undergraduates will put tuition on
a credit card. And, of course, student indebtedness spiked after the financial
crisis: In 2004, 69 percent of graduating seniors had paid off their credit
cards but, by 2009, that number dropped to a mere 15 percent. The average senior
will leave owing $4,100 on their cards.

Burdened with debt and facing grim job prospects, this generation of students
goes forth into a bleak future.

But, there's money to be made for the top one percent! Seeing our misery as a
business opportunity, UC Davis struck a sweet deal with U.S. Bank. Now UC Davis
gets a royalty for every new university account the bank opens and, in return,
U.S. Bank receives perks like free advertising, exclusive access to campus
events and space on our AggieCards. After 10 years, UC Davis hopes to bring in
nearly $3 million from the program.

It's a win-win for administrators and bankers, who both go home with loads of
cash from impoverished students.

So, U.S. Bank exploits students through exorbitant interests on their tuition
payments and everyday expenses, profiting off economic ruin, and that's just
ducky. But, if student protesters delay a bank customer for an hour, by God, we
should get our ire up. The nerve of some people!

It's a very old argument. Any action a social movement undertakes will be
criticized as annoying, disruptive and rude. For many, the right to go about
one's daily business speedily and undisturbed is more sacred than the right to
economic security and justice.

Whenever there is a strike, we're told it frustrates the public. Whenever
there's a demonstration, it's said to hinder traffic and commerce. Whenever an
activist delivers an impassioned speech, the critics demand they tone it down so
as not to offend the moderate and the apathetic.

But protests always bother someone. I imagine that many busy individuals had to
readjust their schedules when civil rights activists occupied Woolworth's in
Greensboro, NC, or when Egyptians took back Tahrir Square. Luckily, protesters
passed over these minor concerns and dealt with more pressing matters.

This tired complaint is usually followed by a bit of meta-criticism: How does
this help get protesters' message across? If I don't understand what is
happening, the argument goes, then nobody will.

It could very well be true that Occupy UC Davis needs more explanatory
literature for the uninformed. They have offered countless teach-ins and
discussions to explain their position, including at the initial U.S. Bank
occupation, but they might not have reached out to all passersby.

Nevertheless, this critique betrays a misunderstanding about the purpose of
direct action. Occupying a bank is not a form of outreach or a publicity stunt.
The primary goal of the action isn't to raise awareness among students, because
students have no say in what U.S. Bank does. Even if campus opinion was squarely
against the bank, it wouldn't make a difference as long as no one acted.

The only opinion that matters to U.S. Bank is that of its shareholders and the
only thing shareholders care about is their bottom line. The occupation strikes
at the bank's profits, forcing them to pay attention to the protest's demand:
banks off campus.

Certainly, the Occupy movement should hold every direct action up to careful,
collective scrutiny. Some forms of protest are counterproductive or politically
retrograde. But, when they do, they would do well to ignore the idle carping of
complacent onlookers.

JORDAN S. CARROLL is a PhD student in English. He can be reached at
jscarroll@ucdavis.edu

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Towers: Worcester Polytechnic Institute

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Global protests spread to Russia

BYLINE: Hannah Bond Copy Editor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 536 words


The anti-government protests that have reached nearly every corner of the world,
from Egypt and Syria to Italy and Greece, and even here in the United States,
have begun in Russia. Starting in late December, protestors have been gathering
to demand that Putin step down from power. Estimates of the crowd size range
from the protestor's claims of 120,000 to the Russian police's claims of 29,000.
Regardless of crowd size, the demonstrations mark the first time since the fall
of the Soviet Union that Russia has been the site of mass protests.


Putin was president of Russia for eight years, with his first term beginning in
2000. Russia's constitution prohibits serving more than two four-year terms as
president, so in 2008 Putin was ineligible to run for president. Instead, Dmitry
Medvedev became the next president, but he quickly appointed Putin to the
position of Prime Minister. This move angered many who feel that Putin is still
in control, and they claim that Medvedev is a "puppet."
Not only do many feel that Putin is still, indirectly, in charge of the country,
an amendment to the Russian constitution has recently been passed that allows
presidents to serve more than two terms. Putin has announced that he plans to
run for president again in 2012, as it is now legal for him to do so. Many see
the passing of this amendment as proof of Medvedev and Putin's alleged
"cronyism."
Voter fraud is rampant in Russia, with videos showing ballot stuffing and
districts having 146% voter turn-out being reported. Some protestors have even
taken up the slogan of: "We are the 146%," a play on words referencing the
popular phrase: "We are the 99%" used by American protestors. Demonstrators
demand election reform, which Medvedev has promised, but it hasn't appeased
them. Protests continue, with one main goal being the prevention of Putin
becoming a three-term president.
This goal, however, may prove to be difficult to achieve. Protestors have found
themselves divided between supporting many different leaders, and without a
consensus on who the best candidate to oppose Putin would be, there remains a
chance of Putin being reelected.
Although there is no central figure that protestors have unified around, even
former allies of Putin are calling for him to not run for president next year.
Alexei Kudrin, Putin's former finance minister, has joined protestors, stating
that they "will go out into the streets until they return what belongs to us. We
are peaceful people but we can't be patient indefinitely."
Mikhail Gorbachev, former president of the Soviet Union, is in agreement with
this view, claiming that if Putin steps down now he will be remembered for the
good he has done instead of the recent complaints that have arisen about the
legitimacy of elections while he is in power. Despite popular opinion of Putin
being unfavorable, both in Russia and many other countries such as the United
States, Putin has been showing no signs that he intends on listening to the
demands to relinquish power, and has instead been focusing on his presidential
campaign. Whether or not he is ultimately reelected, the political atmosphere in
Russia has changed from being relatively apathetic to incredibly charged.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 348 DOCUMENTS


       The Campus Voice Online: Florida Community College at Jacksonville

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Occupy Jacksonville Still In Place Despite Efforts to Remove Them

BYLINE: Tony Buitrago

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 660 words


The Occupy Wall Street movement has arrived in Jacksonville and has no plans of
leaving, much to the dismay of several Jacksonville City Council members. Six
weeks after beginning their protest in front of City Hall, Deputy General
Counsel Howard M. Maltz sent Occupy Jacksonville a letter stating they were not
allowed to have signs or store items in front of City Hall. The city issued an
order Jan. 17 to shut down the electrical outlets surrounding the protest,
including those in nearby Hemming Plaza that were not in use by protesters.

Members of the Occupy movement believe Councilman Don Redman is the main voice
behind the city's actions. Redman, who caused an uproar when he asked Islamic
Human Rights Commission nominee Parvez Ahmed to "Say a prayer to your God"
during his confirmation hearing in May 2010, represents the district in which
the Occupy protest is taking place. According to Occupy protesters, he has been
trying to get Occupy Jacksonville shut down since its inception.

"To his credit, he's the only councilman that comes down here to talk to us, but
he's usually very condescending," said Occupy protestor Kristian Gore. "He
doesn't believe we should be here without paying for a permit. Basically, his
view of the First Amendment is that it's fine to have, as long as you're paying
for it."

Councilman Redman has been seen sparring with protestors over the legality of
their protest, visiting the protest area to scout for city ordinance violations.
He has complained over their use of public power outlets, stating they were
stealing power from the city meant for powering Christmas lights, and has been
seen talking with police over what can be done about the protestors. One member
of the movement even claims he saw Redman shut down a circuit breaker that fed
electricity to Occupy's livestream, a charge that Redman denies. He doesn't hide
the fact that he wants them gone, though.

"I'm honest with them," he said. "I don't think that they're accomplishing
anything. I can't come up with any real issue they are standing for. I can't
come up with any other reason that they're there, other than the fact that they
can be there."

In the letter to Occupy Jacksonville, City Council charged protesters with a
storage violation under Section 614.138 of the city ordinance. The section is
titled Certain Activities Prohibited; Definitions, and it mostly focuses on
camping and panhandling violations. It prohibits activities such as sleeping,
setting up tents, lodging and cooking on city property. It doesn't prohibit the
storage of items on city property as Counsel Maltz said in the letter.

"There haven't been tents, there hasn't been any sleeping, lying or lodging,
there hasn't been cooking - nobody's camping," explained Wendell Finner, an
attorney representing Occupy Jacksonville. "What's really going on there is the
city doesn't want a 24 hour demonstration in front of city hall. I think that's
one of the drawbacks that come with being elected to or working for government.
When the citizens come to express their grievances, you have to put up with
that."

Occupy Jacksonville has filed a lawsuit against the City of Jacksonville,
challenging chapter 656 of the city ordinance. Occupy claims the ordinance
violates their First Amendment rights by limiting their freedom of expression,
but they hope to settle out of court. As of right now, Occupy Jacksonville has
had the electricity restored to their live stream, though the city has given
them no explanation as to why it was cut off in the first place. They also have
their signs back, and the office of the General Counsel told Occupy Jacksonville
they can keep their signs while mediation is under way, and if anyone tells them
otherwise, to call the General Counsel immediately. Despite opposition,
protesters intend to carry on with round-the-clock demonstration. Occupy
Jacksonville's next event is going to be a protest at UNF during the GOP
presidential debate Jan. 26.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                          The Campanil: Mills College

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

Internet blackouts: successful means of protest or a flash in the pan?

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 328 words


The outrage over the U.S. bills intended to protect intellectual property, Stop
Online Piracy Act and Protect IP Act , has drawn considerable attention to both
how successful internet-based protests can be as well as how tightly knit our
government and corporations are in this country.

What with the comeback of physical, woman-in-the-street protesting during the
wake of the Occupy movement, it is curious that the next publicized form of
civil unrest in the United States would come from within the world wide web.

But with the Jan. 18 public blackouts of Wikipedia and Reddit - two widely used
websites - in protest of SOPA and PIPA, we can see that protesting on the
internet is equally as strong as marching in the streets.

Most of the discontent with these bills stems from the idea that the government
cannot and should not be able to censor its people.

SOPA in particular, threatened to give the government enough power to take down
blogs and other social media that threatened intellectual property rights.

While some do agree that piracy is wrong and should be regulated, the question
is, at what price? The government cannot sacrifice the constitutional rights of
the many to protect the legal rights of the few.

And now that both bills have been dropped by congress, as more an more
politicians felt the virtual heat on the issue of internet freedom, it seems the
online blackouts were successful.

The Jan. 18 blackouts are considered the largest online protest in history and
it is clear that they affected the outcome of the SOPA and PIPA bills.

Internet activism has changed the course of history in this particular case.

But is this really the wave of the future? Will we no longer see protesters
marching in the streets, waving banners and shouting through megaphones? Will
the internet become the new medium for social unrest and activism?

Or should we hold on to the physicality and permanence of live action
demonstrations?

The answer, it seems, is not clear.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                           Loquitur: Cabrini College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Local diocesan schools face closings

BYLINE: Kevin Durso

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 879 words


The Gospels, according to Catholic adition, speak about Day of Final Judgment or
Day of Reckoning.For an entire archdiocese, Friday, Jan. 6, served as a Day of
Reckoning of sorts for the Archdiocese of Philadelphia school disict.Archbishop
Charles Chaput and the Blue Ribbon Commission, created by former Archbishop
Justin Rigali in December 2010, announced a list of Archdiocesan school
closures. The list included 45 elementary schools and four high schools."The
plan makes some hard, but necessary decisions," Chaput said in a letter to the
Archdiocese. "The Blue Ribbon Commission has provided a blueprint, not only to
stabilize Catholic education in our Archdiocese, but to reinvigorate it."The
four high schools announced for recommendation for closure at the end of the
current school term are Monsignor Bonner/Archbishop Prendergast - a
brother-sister school - in Drexel Hill, West Catholic High School in West
Philadelphia, Conwell Egan Catholic High School in Fairless Hills, and St.

Hubert Catholic High School for Girls in Northeast Philadelphia.The official
announcement was made at a 4 p.m. press conference by Archbishop Chaput and the
Blue Ribbon Commission's Board of Directors, insumental in the decision-making
process. The students of all Catholic high schools learned their fate during the
noon hour.For the four closing high schools, emotions simply couldn't be
contained. Students, teachers and parents alike sobbed following the
"heartbreaking" announcement.The Commission's chairman, John J. Quinlan, a
graduate of West Catholic High School, opened the Blue Ribbon Commission report
with the following: "Catholic schools make leaders." Some students showed that
the process of forming that leadership forms quicker than you think.Shortly
after the official announcement was made, St. Hubert students crowded the front
steps of their school in a protest-like pep rally. That same student body
rallied in front of the school on Monday, Jan. 9, before the first school day
following the announcement."We felt like after a few hours we got all the
sobbing out," Kate Brighter, a junior at St. Hubert's, said. "We just wanted to
y to save the school and do whatever we could."Then, on Friday, Jan. 13, St.
Hubert's Alumni and Advisory Board officially announced a plan to appeal the
recommendation for closure before the entire student body of 675 young women at
another rally, the third of its kind in a week. Kathryn Lovell, a member of the
Advisory Board and 1992 graduate, made the announcement to appeal, stating they
needed to raise $1.2 million to even get a hearing."We have a uly daunting task
facing us," Lovell said. "But we also know the sength, courage and resiliency of
the Bambie Spirit."The Archdiocese denied this report, but the Alumni Board
still planned to raise enough money to erase a $624,590 deficit the school was
facing.The efforts of the St. Hubert Bambies are being recognized heavily, as
images adorned with gold and brown posters with pleas to save the school were
seen throughout the entire Delaware Valley and as far across the couny as
California."I've never seen a school with the school spirit that St. Hubert's
has," John Durison, a senior at nearby Father Judge High School, said. "At a lot
of other schools students probably wouldn't care that much."At Monsignor Bonner
and Archbishop Prendergast High Schools, similar acts took place, and most
recently, on Thursday, Jan. 19, school president, Reverend James Olson,
announced their appeal to the Archdiocese's decision.The campus of Monsignor
Bonner and Archbishop Prendergast, which setches over 33 acres, has even offered
for students from West Catholic, another impending closure, to assist in the
efforts of their schools.These high schools are slated to close less than two
years after the Archdiocese of Philadelphia announced and finalized the closing
of Northeast Catholic High School and Cardinal Dougherty High School in 2010.
These school closures would reduce the number of Catholic high schools in the
archdiocese from 17 to 13.Monsignor Bonner and Archbishop Prendergast were both
in danger of closing after the 2010 school year as well, but after a song appeal
and funding process, remained open.The appeals process is scheduled to take
place over the course of the next month, concluding with the final list of
school closures being published on Feb. 15. St. Hubert Catholic High School for
Girls has their appeal hearing scheduled for Wednesday, Jan. 25. Monsignor
Bonner and Archbishop Prendergast High Schools have their appeal hearing set for
Monday, Jan. 23. Both schools won't officially learn if their efforts were
successful or not until Feb. 15.St. Hubert's students agree that their efforts -
for whatever they're worth - are a life-changing experience, regardless of the
result. Still, they have "high apple pie in the sky hopes" that the school they
call home remains open."It's our second home and we're all sisters," Giana-Lynn
Iatarola, a senior at St. Hubert's, said. "We all belong there and so do many
generations after us."The St. Hubert's mascot, the Bambie, joins the rally of
students in front of the school on Monday, Jan. 9.Students rally on the front
steps of St. Hubert Catholic High School for Girls on the morning of Jan. 9.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             Daily Californian: University of California - Berkeley

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

UC will hold public forum to discuss police practices

BYLINE: Damian Ortellado

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 276 words


In response to student outcry over police action against protesters at campus
Occupy events last November, the UC Office of the President will hold a public
forum for UC community members to share their opinions and experiences
concerning campuses' responses to protests.

The forum, which is scheduled to be held Tuesday from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. at UC
Berkeley's Pauley Ballroom, is part of a "Looking Forward" project aimed at
reviewing current police policies regarding protests at UC campuses.

Charles Robinson, UC vice president and general counsel for legal affairs, and
Christopher Edley, dean of the UC Berkeley School of Law, will moderate the
forum, which will "encourage students and faculty to contribute their views on
the best response to protests," according to a flier for the event created by
the office.

UC President Mark Yudof appointed Robinson and Edley to lead a systemwide review
of police protocols and policies as they apply to the protests in November.

The forum is only a part of the project, which, along with visits to campuses
for discussions, also includes consultation with an "array of experts,"
according to a UC press release.

UC Davis Chancellor Linda Katehi organized a similar town hall meeting in
November in response to police use of pepper spray on student protesters at that
campus.

UC spokesperson Steve Montiel said the president's office expects to present the
results of its project later in the spring.

The project's policy review is expected to result in "recommended best
practices" for policing protests across the 10 UC campuses, according to the
press release.

Damian Ortellado is the lead higher education reporter.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             The California Aggie: University of California - Davis

                            January 10, 2012 Tuesday

Guest Opinion: Boycott Katehi's town halls

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 599 words


If there's one thing we can say about Chancellor Katehi since the pepper spray
incident of Nov. 18, 2011, it's that her public relations campaign has been
extremely effective at quelling calls for her resignation. Excessive pandering
to student concerns with town hall forums reached absurd, almost pathetic levels
before winter break, not to mention her duplicitous e-mails that sought to
rationalize her judgment in calling on riot police to handle non-violent student
protests. Katehi should have known full well that when riot police wield
hammers, everything to them looks like a nail.

Which takes us to her first public appearance after the incident. At the
subsequent General Assembly, Katehi spoke to an angry but open-minded audience
of students who sought answers. Her voice began to quiver as she apologized, and
for just that moment, I felt compassion and clemency for her. Who would want
this sort of international embarrassment and ridicule anyway, from Jon Stewart
to Icelandic TV? But my sympathy was a profound reminder of how easy it is for
powerful and personable technocrats like Katehi to slip somas to upset but
forgiving students and watch while our anger melts away.

After she had finished speaking, the crowd was almost unsure of what to do. We
felt angry but couldn't remember why. We are humans after all, and we like to
give people second chances because we would want the same. However, this
principle of "the golden rule" undermines our fervor in ending Katehi's tenure
at UC Davis. Katehi's power and sphere of influence - including her access to
the media and ability to control the narrative using her massive 30,000 student
e-mail list - practically negate any accountability that she might be subject to
at the university level, which ought to make her unworthy of sympathy from those
who are subject to disciplinary measures. Ultimately, Katehi's diplomatic but
empty gestures mask her sincere lack of culpability, but considering her level
of wealth and position within the university, who else but her should be held
accountable for this miscarriage of justice?

So I say this to all students in the strongest terms possible: boycott Katehi's
town hall meetings! Legitimate answers to student concerns are clearly secondary
to Katehi, who is seeking to pacify us until the momentum for her resignation
dies out. Katehi's fabricated solidarity with students over fee hikes and her
collapsing of complex issues of state violence against student dissent into
canned arguments about "health and safety" is revolting and unworthy of our
diplomacy. Let our silence be our power!

It is clear that the only hope we have as students is to send this message to
anybody in power, including the chancellor: "If you fuck with us or do anything
to endanger our safety or raise our fees, your job is finished." Isolating
Katehi, unfortunately, seems to me to be our only way forward if we wish to
produce her exodus. We'll worry about who's installed next by the regents and
the university's internal corporate structure when we get to that bridge.
Remember, Katehi's resignation and structural change of the UC system are not
mutually exclusive; the former is simply the first step.

So in the end, just like with every other movement for systemic change, the
burden falls on us,  the people. The question is, are we angry enough to make
the change, or will this be our dream deferred? The fierce urgency of now is
upon us. May we not wait for another Lt. Pike to inspire us to act again, only
this time after something far worse than pepper spray.

Game Over, Katehi: Jan. 27, 2012.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                the Inkwell: Armstrong Atlantic State University

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Internet users cry out in protest of legislation

BYLINE: Vincent Haines

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 970 words


In the most coordinated display of voter interest since the last American Idol,
citizens overwhelmed the U.S. Congress with protests against two bills - both
with funny sounding names. Congress created The Stop Online Piracy Act and
Protect Intellectual Property Act to protect owners of intellectual property and
their industries from Internet piracy.

SOPA and PIPA take a heavy-handed approach to stopping online piracy by making
each company liable for what's posted on its site and threatens to make the site
inaccessible in response to a complaint. Such laws would cripple social
networking and search sites, rendering the Internet useless for most people.
After all, these sites are filled with material posted by anonymous third
parties who the websites cannot directly control.

The bills received national attention when Wikipedia and 7,000 other websites
voluntarily shut down Jan. 18 to demonstrate the possible results of the bills.
Also weighing in against the bills were Internet-giants Google and eBay. Further
opposition came from the shady hacker group Anonymous who attacked sites of
organizations supporting the bill. In the face of such controversy political
support evaporated causing Congress to sideline the bills.

Before you celebrate this seeming victory of democracy and free speech rights
over corporate interests, there is a sequel. A new bill, the Online Protection
and Enforcement of Digital Trade Act, tries to avoid stepping on the toes of
major players like Google by focusing solely on foreign websites accused of
piracy. The penalties proposed are to block Americans from accessing or doing
any business, including advertising, with such sites. This would devastate the
accused websites' revenues. Even with these harsh penalties, the Motion Picture
Association of America believes the bill is too soft. Though such a bill may
satisfy Google, it may not protect small businesses or individual users.

Coincidentally, last week there was demonstration of the enforcement powers
allowed under current U.S. law. The FBI raided the New Zealand mansion of Kim
Dotcom, the fonder of the Website Megaupload. Megaupload was a site that lets
people send large files to one another for free. The bust was carried out in a
flamboyant spy-movie fashion with agents descending from helicopters and cutting
into the mansion's "safe room," confiscating servers and large amounts of cash.
Isn't this Mission-Impossible-style raid scary enough? Do we really need to
strengthen penalties against pirates when we can already do this to someone in
New Zealand?

The Internet is like the air: its resource shared by all, owned by none. By
cutting off access we can only succeed in suffocating innovation, communication
and growth. We are already seeing the chilled effects of the crazy power-grab
embodied in our current law. Following the Megaupload bust other file sharing
serves such as Filesonic shutdown out of fear. Further research shows 30 percent
of current piracy complaints are actually attempts by companies to eliminate
their competition. In such an atmosphere it is innovative small businesses that
are the losers, not pirates. We cannot legislate. We can enforce piracy out of
existence.

The real way to defeat pirates is to innovate - to create a service that offers
better value than stealing. A great example of this kind of thinking is Spotify,
a free application that lets you listen to music of your choosing for free if
you are willing to listen to a few ads. To get rid of the ads a $5 monthly
subscription is all it takes. Such a cheap way to listen to music makes piracy
look inconvenient and stupid. Video-streaming services like Netflix have a
similar effect for movies. If we want to see more of these great ideas, we need
to foster the freedom of the Internet rather than attempting to control it with
bizarre laws and helicopters full of special agents.

In the most coordinated display of voter interest since the last American Idol,
citizens overwhelmed the U.S. Congress with protests against two bills - both
with funny sounding names. Congress created The Stop Online Piracy Act and
Protect Intellectual Property Act to protect owners of intellectual property and
their industries from Internet piracy.

SOPA and PIPA take a heavy-handed approach to stopping online piracy by making
each company liable for what's posted on its site and threatens to make the site
inaccessible in response to a complaint. Such laws would cripple social
networking and search sites, rendering the Internet useless for most people.
After all, these sites are filled with material posted by anonymous third
parties who the websites cannot directly control.

The bills received national attention when Wikipedia and 7,000 other websites
voluntarily shut down Jan. 18 to demonstrate the possible results of the bills.
Also weighing in against the bills were Internet-giants Google and eBay. Further
opposition came from the shady hacker group Anonymous who attacked sites of
organizations supporting the bill. In the face of such controversy political
support evaporated causing Congress to sideline the bills.

Before you celebrate this seeming victory of democracy and free speech rights
over corporate interests, there is a sequel. A new bill, the Online Protection
and Enforcement of Digital Trade Act, tries to avoid stepping on the toes of
major players like Google by focusing solely on foreign websites accused of
piracy. The penalties proposed are to block Americans from accessing or doing
any business, including advertising, with such sites. This would devastate the
accused websites' revenues. Even with these harsh penalties, the Motion Picture
Association of America believes the bill is too soft. Though such a bill may
satisfy Google, it may not protect small businesses or individual users.12

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Brock Press: Brock University

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

News Briefs

SECTION: ARTS-AND-LIFE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1228 words


Megaupload Shutdown by US government

Hong Kong-based company Megaupload was shut down on Jan. 19 by the US Department
of Justice and four of its executives were taken into custody in New Zealand on
charges of copyright infringement. The arrest comes only one day after congress
decided to postpone the debate and voting on the controversial Stop Online
Piracy Act (SOPA) and Protect Intellectual Property Act (PIPA). The hacktivist
group Anonymous has called this "the single largest Internet attack in its
history". They responded with denial of service attack on the US Justice
Department that shutdown their services for about an hour. Megaupload is
rumoured to have made $175 million from pirated movies and music since its
inception in 2005, and accounted for as much as four per cent of the Internet's
content.

Islamist parties win election in Egypt

The final results in Egypt's first parliamentary elections since the overthrow
of Hosni Mubarak have confirmed an overwhelming victory for Islamist parties.
The Muslim Brotherhood, a party that was banned under Mubarak's regime, won the
biggest share of parliamentary seats (38 per cent), according to the High
Elections Committee. The Revolution Continues Coalition, dominated by youth
groups at the forefront of the protests that toppled Mubarak, attracted less
than a million votes and took just seven seats.

France suspends all army operations in Afghanistan

France has suspended all operations with the Afghan army and threatened to
withdraw its forces early from the country after an Afghan soldier killed four
French troops on Jan. 21. The four soldiers were allegedly unarmed and killed
during a training exercise at the Gwan military base in Kapisa province. The
attack comes after a similar attack last month in which an Afghan soldier killed
two members of the French Foreign Legion. French President Nicolas Sarkozy
ordered an immediate review of security for troops training Afghan soldiers. If
Sarkozy is not satisfied, France may withdraw its troops Afghanistan early.

Rick Perry drops out of GOP race

On Jan. 19, Texas Governor Rick Perry ended his presidential bid and endorsed
Newt Gingrich for the next leader of the Republican party for the 2012 election.
Perry surged to the top of the polls when he entered the race in the summer of
last year, quickly faltered and his campaign became known for terrible debate
performances and speaking gaffes. This makes Perry the fourth member of the GOP
race to abandon his campaign after Michele Bachman, Herman Cain and John
Huntsman did the same. The remaining candidates are Mitt Romney, Newt Gingrich
and Rick Santorum.

Niagara Falls arena up for sale

Niagara Falls City Councillors will be considering, in a closed-door meeting on
Jan. 24, an offer from V2 Niagara Inc. for the purchase of the Niagara Falls
Memorial Arena for $1.4 million - or about $400,000 less than the arena's
appraised price. The arena had been declared redundant in the City's budget
following the construction in 2010 of the $38 million Gale Centre. The Memorial
Arena, at 5145 Centre St., had been twice put up for auction by the City, which
wanted to use the money to pay down the debt incurred from its replacement. The
bidding, however, has not resulted in any acceptable offers. As the discussion
involves a land transfer, councillors are able to conduct the arrangements "in
camera" - or away from the public. News of the decision is therefore unlikely to
come out until the arrangements are final.

London protestors hold rally

Locked-out workers at the Electro-Motive manufacturing plant in London, ON
staged a rally on Jan. 21 to protest demands from the industrial giant
Caterpillar, which owns the plant, to accept a nearly 50 per cent pay cut and
the loss of nearly all of their benefits - the rejection of which lead the plant
to lock out its 420 workers. Estimates on the number of people attending the
rally varied widely - from about 15,000 according to the organizers to about
5,000 according to the police. Though the number of workers locked-out is
relatively small, they have attracted significant support from labour leaders
worried that the lock-out's success would set a precedent. Demonstrators
frequently called for the intervention of Prime Minister Stephen Harper, who has
so far remained silent on the issue.

Construction nearly finished on new hospital

The Niagara Health System's new hospital already looks finished - the workers
having finished the exterior - but construction still continues on the inside of
the almost one million square foot facility, which is now about 85 per cent
complete. The complex, located on Fourth Avenue, is expected to be finished by
early 2013, and has recently started undergoing reviews of the parts of its
interior that have already been finished. Equipment is already being purchased
to fill the new building, and instruments from the old St. Catharines General
are being prepared for transfer. According to official statements, the
construction is both on-schedule and on-budget.

Federal crime bill priced at $1 billion

The Progressive-Conservative Party's proposed restructuring of the justice
system will cost Ontario approximately $1 billion, said the provincial
government. Much of the cost would be incurred in improving the province's
prison system, which is already operating at 95 per cent capacity with about
8,500 people behind bars; the province estimates that the bill will add another
1,500 people to the system. The estimated price of the expansion is $900 million
initially with an additional $60 million every year for the upkeep. The new
legislation enacts several new rules expected to increase the number of
prisoners, including mandatory minimum sentencing and reduced latitude for
judges to offer sentencing outside the prison system, such as in house-arrest.

Montreal judge rules to extradite accused war criminal

A judge in Montreal ruled on Jan. 23 in favour of extraditing Leon Mugeser - who
stands accused of helping to incite the 1994 Rwandan Genocide. The genocide is
thought to have killed between 800 thousand and a million people over the course
of about 100 days. In 1992, Mugeser allegedly gave a speech in which he called
for the extermination of all members of the Tutsi tribe, which constituted about
10 per cent of Rwanda's population. Following the genocide, Mugeser escaped to
Canada, and had claimed that he would be tortured if sent back to Rwanda to face
trial. Mugeser has been fighting extradition for over 16 years. It is not
currently clear whether he will be sent back to Rwanda immediately, or if he
will have an opportunity to appeal the decision.

Occupy Toronto evicted again

Occupy Toronto has been evicted from its second, smaller encampment behind
Osgoode Hall, which is near University Avenue and Queen Street. About eight
people had been camping behind the hall, which is co-owned by the Ontario
Government and the Law Society, and currently holds the Ontario Court of Appeal
and Superior Court of Justice. The eviction came following concerns that the
encampment might disrupt legal proceedings. Members of the occupation, at a
meeting, had raised the question of whether they should fight the eviction in
court, but the council instead voted to move. The larger, more well-known
occupation at St. James Park was shut down by police, citing trespass violation,
on Nov. 23.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The University News: Saint Louis University

                           January 18, 2012 Wednesday

Stephen Colbert joke campaign deserves to win South Carolina

SECTION: OPED; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 687 words


"I'm doing it! I'm doing it!" shouted Stephen Colbert amidst a rain of red,
white and blue balloons. On Thursday, Jan. 12, the satirical political pundit
announced that he was starting to lay the groundwork to "form an exploratory
committee" to run for "the president of the United States of South Carolina."

In real life - not his television persona - Colbert is a registered democrat. It
seems, then, that his bid for president in 2008 had a little more than an
entertainment gimmick behind it. With that said, Colbert is fooling no one. He
will not show up on the ballot, and he knows it. Political pundits cry afoul
that Colbert is making a joke out of national politics, reducing their life's
work to an entertainment gimmick.

But isn't that all politics has become in contemporary America?

It is a pageant, a reality show, at once so frustrating and so fascinating that
the politically-minded viewer cannot help but not look away from the brainless
debacle that is any republican candidate debate.

One might wonder, too, why these debates are happening so frequently. The
strongest strategy for a republican presidential hopeful would be "stop talking
and wait it out."

Yes, these debates are such forums for pop culture fascination and pseudo-soap
opera that they begin to take on their own status as a reality television show.
And who wouldn't watch a debate where Michelle Bachmann would be dropped into a
tank of water? Instead of fearing how Mr. Colbert's faux presidential bid would
ruin the 2012 election, we should rather look at what it reveals about the
current state of politics and intelligensia in America. Colbert polled 5 percent
in South Carolina before even announcing his exploratory committee and turning
over his super PAC to Jon Stewart. This put him ahead of Jon Huntsman.

Yes, Mr. Colbert received a write-in vote by one out of every 20 South
Carolinians. Now all this attention does not directly indicate real support for
Colbert's White House bid. If, hypothetically speaking, Colbert landed on the
ballot against Obama, backlash would run rampant. The joke, as they say, would
have gone on too far.

Too bad few considered this when Bachmann ran. What the viral support does show,
however, is a widespread discontent with the current state of affairs. And,
America, can you hardly blame America? What do we learn about our country when
the only person on either side of the aisle who is not absolutely crazy or a
disappointing failure is a late-night talk show host?

It tells us not only that many Americans, - namely young, educated moderates -
are despairing about the current state of affairs, but also that this act of
political protest rings true to them. Colbert's presidential bid is not a
serious run this time around: it is an act of public political protest by one of
America's last successful public intellectuals.

Europe still reveres their public intellectuals. Say what you want about Richard
Dawkins, Salman Rushdie and Christopher Hitchens, but what they all have in
common is celebrity resulting from their eloquence, audacity and intellect. Here
are three British men who challenge the public and are worshipped for it. In
America, though, we worship fame, sex and money. Something is wrong when the
most Googled people are Justin Bieber, Kim Kardashian and Donald Trump.

America houses intellectuals - Al Gore is perhaps a good example. But, when
challenged intellectually, we cower and dismiss these prophets as
overly-political.Now, Colbert's reverence likely results from his comedy more
than from his intellect. But I would like to suggest that the two are
inseparable. In a time of unrest, communities need jesters and fools, jokers and
satirists, or else, as the Roman satirical poet Juvenal asked, "Who watches the
watchmen?"

So before you become too entangled in the web of late-night political arguments
in the dorm that ultimately accomplish nothing but sleep deprivation for class
the next day, consider Mr. Colbert's protest in a more objective light, and give
an uncomfortable second thought to his modest proposal.

TJ Keeley is a junior in the College of Arts and Sciences.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             Daily Californian: University of California - Berkeley

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

Submission of police conduct report regarding Nov. 9 protest delayed

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 477 words


Five days before the UC Berkeley Police Review Board's deadline to submit a
report of police conduct detailing the Nov. 9 protest events to Chancellor
Robert Birgeneau, the chair of the board announced that the board will not meet
its deadline.

In a Jan. 27 letter to Birgeneau, UC Berkeley School of Law professor and chair
of the board Jesse Choper stated that the board's planning was delayed due to
insufficient student input because of winter break. The board hopes to hold
hearings about the protest events before the end of February and to produce a
report shortly afterward, according to the letter.

However, it is an optimistic timeline, Choper wrote in the letter.

Despite this deadline to produce a report detailing the Nov. 9 events - which
involved police officers using batons against protesters attempting to set up an
encampment outside of Sproul Hall - the board has not yet finalized the process
for the investigation.

Choper said in an interview that the board is close to announcing the process,
though he could not specify a timeline.

This is a long-awaited process. Demonstrators previously demanded that the board
address the Nov. 9 events by packing into the board's annual meeting Dec. 1 and
disrupting its proceedings.

If the board had started earlier, winter break would not have affected the
timeline as much, said ASUC Student Advocate Samar Shah.  Shah said he felt that
at this point, the delay to create a report was done with good intentions to
gather more student input.

"They got started a lot later then they should have,"  Shah said.

In a Nov. 14 campuswide message, Birgeneau announced that he had charged the
board with determining whether the conduct of the police was consistent with the
established campus policies.

"I am confident that Professor Choper will provide a fair and balanced judgment
as speedily as possible," Birgeneau said in the message.

The board then formed a review committee - composed of five of the nine members
on the board - to carry out the investigation. Student representatives of the
board held a workshop Jan. 19 to hear campus input into the process.

At the workshop, a tentative plan was discussed to hold a two-part process
involving another workshop, followed by a smaller discussion in which
representatives from the student body, police and faculty would present evidence
about the Nov. 9 events.

Choper was unable to comment if there would be opportunities for students,
police and faculty to discuss their experiences on Nov. 9 before the review
committee publishes the final report.

Read the full text of Choper's letter below.

Correction(s):
A previous version of this article incorrectly stated that the UC Berkeley
Police Review Board had a Jan. 31 deadline to submit an outline of how to
investigate the Nov. 9 protest events. In fact, the deadline was to submit a
full report of police conduct.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             Daily Californian: University of California - Berkeley

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

UC holds town hall meeting to discuss response to future protests

BYLINE: Sara Khan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 566 words


As police use of force during November protests still faces criticism and Occupy
Cal continues into its second semester, University of California officials,
Occupy Cal protesters and members of the campus community met Tuesday for a town
hall meeting to discuss the university's response to future protests.

The forum, entitled "How would you respond to the next 'Occupy'?," was the first
in a series sponsored by the UC Office of the President to examine current
police policies and allow the community to give input on future practices.

However, the particular unfolding of events on Nov. 9 at UC Berkeley and on Nov.
18 at UC Davis would not be discussed, said Christopher Edley,dean of the UC
Berkeley School of Law.

"This forum is not an attempt to look back at events that have occurred on our
campuses," Edley said. "Instead, we're trying to look forward for future
events."

The town hall, which was held in Pauley Ballroom, also featured UC General
Counsel Charles Robinson, while ASUC President Vishalli Loomba andcampus
Graduate Assembly President Bahar Navab served as facilitators for the event.

At the beginning of the event, entering members of the audience began to move
the rows of chairs into a large circle, and soon the administrators decided to
leave the stage at the head of the room and join the circle.

"I thought it was really interesting how the forum was physically remade," said
campus performance studies professor Catherine Cole.

As the forum began in the new format, the administration stressed its good
intentions.

"What I've learned is that all of the administration is seen as a conspiratorial
cabal that has different aims - and that's just not true," saidVice Chancellor
for Equity and Inclusion Gibor Basri. "Are there no circumstances in which
students are doing something the administration has to step into, like closing
down educational buildings during the semester?"

Throughout the forum, concerns over the lack of accountability in the
administration and misgivings over the response to future protests continued to
crop up.

"Everyone could agree that the melee on Nov. 9 was not supposed to happen, so
why does it keep happening?" said ASUC Student Advocate Samar Shah. "I think
that the lack of chain-of-command is no longer an excuse and can no longer be
tolerated. After Wheeler '09, we wanted to have a crisis command center - that
completely failed on Nov. 9."

The series of forums are taking place as part of an effort to create a report to
be released around March 1 about current police practices and recommendations
for changes with input from the UC campus communities.

Over the course of a more-than-four-hour-long joint legislative hearing in
Sacramento Dec. 14, state legislators questioned UC President Mark Yudof about
how the UC would improve its systemwide police protocol and policies in the
aftermath of the protests. Yudof said the report's recommendations  will ensure
accountability for the incidents and inevitably lead to a centralization of
policies after Robinson and Edley interview a wide variety of people with
varying perspectives.

"We're not going to be able to make everyone happy," Robinson said. "Perhaps not
everything in the report will be how they wanted it, but we at least want to
make everyone heard."

Others were not so optimistic.

"After seeing how little effect the Brazil Report had, I'm not holding out much
hope," Cole said.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Optimist: Abilene Christian University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Websites, individuals protest SOPA, PIPA

BYLINE: David Singer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 476 words


Posted on January 24, 2012 | News | Comments Off

The Internet voiced its objection last Wednesday to the Stop Online Piracy Act
and the Protect IP Act, two proposed bills which would accelerate the
governments ability to enforce copyright on the Internet. Hundreds of sites
including Google and Wikipedia enforced a day long "blackout" to protest the
bills.

"I haven't seen anything like that on that scale," said Dwayne Towell, assistant
professor of computer science. "Certainly getting Google to respond was pretty
unique."

Along with many websites, students and individuals across the nation took to
Facebook and Twitter to protest. Many sites also suggested that individuals
contact legislators to oppose the bills.

"I sent an email to my state representatives through Wikipedia and I also signed
the Google petition," said Jack Sorrells, junior computer science major from
Waco.

The proposed bill would change the procedures used to enforce copyright law. The
government already possesses the power to prosecute copyright infringement, but
the bills seek to change current processes.

"Proponents [of the bill] believe the current system isn't practical for solving
the problem. SOPA was designed to require a minimum of legal action for a site
to be shut down and to prevent the copying as quickly as possible," Towell said.
"But the public feels like they would have overstepped their bounds if this had
passed. That is why I think there has been such a huge ground swell of
opposition."

SOPA and PIPA would remove many of the current systems in the interest of hasty
enforcement.

"[With the current system] it is easier for people to start a new file sharing
system than it is to start a new court case to stop it," said Towell. "I can
understand their desire for [a new system] but I think it violates many of my
rights when it happens without due process."

Another proposed change would place responsibilities on Internet service
providers, hosting sites and search engines to monitor illegal traffic.
Currently, these entities can not be charged and all fault is placed on the
infringing individual.

However, many of the same people who oppose the bills and their proposed
procedures are not opposed to copyright in general.

"I believe that there definitely needs to be some sort of copyright protection,"
Sorrells said. "That way artists and other creators have a way to protect their
media and get paid. However, I think the bills approached that in a bad many and
that there are definitely more preferable options."

After Wednesday's protest, the House Judiciary Committee plans to hold SOPA to
redraft it and the Senate Majority Leader postponed PIPA.

"Just because SOPA did not pass," Towell said, "that does not mean that
copyright is not still a law and still enforceable. I have to remind students
you still can't copy things just because you want to."

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Argus: Illinois Wesleyan University

                           January 21, 2012 Saturday

"Blackout" is only beginning of student response

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 511 words


Editorial

It's very rare to see such a large group of United States citizens rallying
around the same cause, but SOPA and PIPA have sparked a sense of disbelief and
fear for our first amendment rights that have brought people together.

Even in Bloomington-Normal, a town surrounded by corn fields, students can be
seen banding together for the "Blackout" protest to object to the passage of the
acts.

Seeing this awareness and reaction on campus to something with global
consequences is refreshing, especially when so many students on campus are
politically disengaged.

The solidarity was evident, appropriately, through many students' Facebook
profile pictures. In place of their usual cutesy, duck-face vanity pics, a red
circle appended with the line, "Notice: This image has been found in violation
of H.R. 3261, S.O.P.A." appeared on the profiles of anti-SOPA protesters. These
began appearing the week of the blackout, along with the linking of all sorts of
SOPA-related articles and videos.

"The more people who are made aware of and realize what the bill threatens, the
better," said junior political science major Katie Rose Brosnan. "The 'Blackout'
protest is an event that makes people feel like they're making a difference. And
if they feel like they're making a difference, they're more likely to go out and
make sure that they really are."

Though becoming aware and participating is important, just refraining from using
the internet for a few hours is not enough to put a halt to the passage of SOPA
and PIPA.

The day after the Blackout, many students who were involved in the protest just
logged back onto Facebook and continued on as usual. They never took their
participation to the next step, actually seeking to become actively involved in
the fight against SOPA and PIPA.

Senior Jordyn Maglalang, a member of the campus Association of Computing
Machinery, believes that the majority of IWU students are misinformed and that
the "blackout" protests are not far-reaching enough in their scope.

"Logging off your Facebook account is not how you convince congressmen to
prevent these bills," Maglalang said. "Instead, [people] should be writing
emails, signing online petitions and participating in discussions about free
speech and the unconstitutional nature of these bills."

Though it is not reasonable to expect every student to drop everything they're
doing to start campaigning against the two acts, there are a few much more
reasonable steps students can take to get more involved. Calling local
representatives is an easy way to make your opinion heard, and a quick click on
Google's blackout bar will take you to a website that gives you all the contact
information you'll need. It even makes it dead simple to sign an anti-SOPA/PIPA
petition.

"People oftentimes don't think they can engage with members of their government.
They feel alienated from law-making and don't think contacting anyone will be
effective," Brosnan said. "With this in mind, it's very tempting not to take the
next step and pick up a phone, but that next step is the most critical."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              Daily Bruin: University of California - Los Angeles

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

In the know: SOPA/PIPA controversy

BYLINE: Nicole Mirea

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 464 words


A few days ago, I was casually browsing the Internet, looking for information
about humor in the Soviet Union (it's a pet hobby of mine). But as I ied to
access Wikipedia's article on Russian jokes, I found myself confronted with an
ominous black page.As I would find out, Wednesday was the day the Internet went
on sike. Thousands of websites went dark to protest the Protect Intellectual
Property Act and the Stop Online Piracy Act.These websites include Wikipedia,
the research tool known and loved by many UCLA students and more than 85 million
other visitors each month; WordPress, with more than 30 million visitors; and
Reddit, with more than 2 million. Many other websites including Google, although
not blacked out completely, have altered their pages to protest the bills.SOPA
originated in the House of Representatives, and PIPA from the Senate, but the
two bills aim to prevent online copyright infringement. Both operate on the
principle of Domain Name System redirecting. When users type the domain name of
a site suspected of copyright infringement (for example, "www.thepiratebay.com")
in their browser, they will be redirected to a page indicating that the website
is inaccessible.Earlier this week, the White House released a statement saying
it will veto any bill that alters the DNS, on the grounds that it would lead to
less security and stability on the Internet.

Emboldened by the president's reaction, Wikipedia and other websites decided to
stage a protest across the Web.But did it work? According to reports from
multiple sources, it has. Several of the bills' supporters in Congress have
either withdrawn their support or issued statements encouraging thoughtful
consideration before the Senate votes on PIPA, scheduled for Jan. 24.Since the
battleground is the Internet itself, an "Internet sike" on several key websites
was a logical and clever way to get the attention of both the public and
Congress. If the bills pass, the websites which link to other sites that host
pirated content will be prosecuted. Thus, it makes sense that a search engine
such as Google, a user-run news site such as Reddit and an encyclopedia such as
Wikipedia, which requires links to cited sources, would be against it.However,
these websites should take care not to employ this method of negotiation too
often. Holding content hostage in exchange for political support is an exeme
tactic. If a website's content is not available consistently, users will stop
visiting it, and future "protests" of this kind will have less of an
effect.Furthermore, what if the bills come back in newer, songer incarnations?
The Internet has warded off SOPA and PIPA once, but it is doubtful whether the
same sategy will work again.Email Mirea at nmirea@media.ucla.edu or tweet at us
@DBOpinion.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Argus: Illinois Wesleyan University

                           January 21, 2012 Saturday

"Blackout" is only beginning of student response

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 511 words


EditorialIt's very rare to see such a large group of United States citizens
rallying around the same cause, but SOPA and PIPA have sparked a sense of
disbelief and fear for our first amendment rights that have brought people
together.Even in Bloomington-Normal, a town surrounded by corn fields, students
can be seen banding together for the "Blackout" protest to object to the passage
of the acts.Seeing this awareness and reaction on campus to something with
global consequences is refreshing, especially when so many students on campus
are politically disengaged.The solidarity was evident, appropriately, through
many students' Facebook profile pictures. In place of their usual cutesy,
duck-face vanity pics, a red circle appended with the line, "Notice: This image
has been found in violation of H.R. 3261, S.O.P.A." appeared on the profiles of
anti-SOPA protesters. These began appearing the week of the blackout, along with
the linking of all sorts of SOPA-related articles and videos."The more people
who are made aware of and realize what the bill threatens, the better," said
junior political science major Katie Rose Brosnan.

"The 'Blackout' protest is an event that makes people feel like they're making a
difference. And if they feel like they're making a difference, they're more
likely to go out and make sure that they really are."Though becoming aware and
participating is important, just refraining from using the internet for a few
hours is not enough to put a halt to the passage of SOPA and PIPA.The day after
the Blackout, many students who were involved in the protest just logged back
onto Facebook and continued on as usual. They never took their participation to
the next step, actually seeking to become actively involved in the fight against
SOPA and PIPA.Senior Jordyn Maglalang, a member of the campus Association of
Computing Machinery, believes that the majority of IWU students are misinformed
and that the "blackout" protests are not far-reaching enough in their
scope."Logging off your Facebook account is not how you convince congressmen to
prevent these bills," Maglalang said. "Instead, [people] should be writing
emails, signing online petitions and participating in discussions about free
speech and the unconstitutional nature of these bills."Though it is not
reasonable to expect every student to drop everything they're doing to start
campaigning against the two acts, there are a few much more reasonable steps
students can take to get more involved. Calling local representatives is an easy
way to make your opinion heard, and a quick click on Google's blackout bar will
take you to a website that gives you all the contact information you'll need. It
even makes it dead simple to sign an anti-SOPA/PIPA petition."People oftentimes
don't think they can engage with members of their government. They feel
alienated from law-making and don't think contacting anyone will be effective,"
Brosnan said. "With this in mind, it's very tempting not to take the next step
and pick up a phone, but that next step is the most critical."

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             The California Aggie: University of California - Davis

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Editorial: Fix UC

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 386 words


During the UC Regents meeting this week a group of students from UC Riverside
under the name "Fix UC" are proposing the UC Student Investment Proposal, a
model aimed at reforming the current financial system of the University of
California.

The plan proposes that students defer their tuition until they get a steady job,
when they will give five percent of their income, interest-free, to the UC for
20 years. Originally developed by the editorial board at UC Riverside's campus
paper, The Highlander, and their student government, the conceptual basis of the
proposal as well as its subsequent development has been entirely student-led.

The need for a complete reform of the UC system is obvious. The disinvestment of
the state in higher education and the severe tuition hikes that have resulted
over the past several years have affected all students.

Begrudgingly bearing the load of these fee hikes, many have held on to the hope
that tuition increases would be temporary and that the UC Regents would take the
necessary measures to improve the UC financial system.

While it is unfortunate that the regents have so far failed us in this regard,
it is encouraging to see students take measures into their own hands and think
creatively about how to restructure the current UC system.

The plan is the first major and comprehensive plan that has come entirely from
UC students and can become a catalyst for the creation of other
student-developed ideas. Proposals for reform that come directly from those
invested in higher education rather than from a group of seemingly detached
businesspeople is certainly a step in the right direction for the future of the
UC system.

For the most part students have largely used protests and rallies as tactics to
express concern over the current financial state of the UC and rally support for
their cause. While movements of these types are certainly important, it is
imperative that students demonstrate to the state and to the regents not only
their anger, but also their determination and ability to enact real change.

We applaud the students at UC Riverside for being among the first to develop an
alternate tuition system. Now it is time for UC Davis students to come up with a
plan of their own. We are looking for more localized plans. Submit your ideas to
opinion@theaggie.org

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The McGill Tribune: McGill University

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

The McGill Tribune Investigation into the events of Nov. 10 released

BYLINE: Anand Bery

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 849 words


Dean of Law Daniel Jutras' report on the events of Nov. 10 was made public on
Dec. 15. The 60-page investigation, originally commissioned by Principal Heather
Munroe-Blum in the days following the incident, sought to establish a record for
what transpired that evening, and determine what led to the presence of riot
police on McGill's campus.

Over the course of the investigation, Jutras received over 150 written factual
accounts and took as testimony over 45 hours of interviews from primary actors
in the event. Some, but not all, of the 14 individuals who attempted to occupy
the James Administration Building came forward and spoke with Jutras.

Among other recommendations, the report called for a revision of how McGill
Security Services operates in situations of demonstrations and protests, and for
clear guidelines stipulating how university authorities determine who has the
power to call for police assistance.

The portfolio of University Safety (and Security Services) falls under the
jurisdiction of Jim Nicell, VP University Services.

"I think that Dean Jutras' report is an excellent account of the events of Nov.
10," Nicell told the Tribune via email. "It is consistent with my own personal
experience in the square on that evening. Also, in terms of the recommendations
that Dean Jutras made, I think that they are very sound and I certainly welcome
them."

In the weeks following Jutras' appointment by Munroe-Blum to carry out the
investigation, many on campus were apprehensive about having a member of
McGill's faculty carry out the investigation due to the potential bias. A group
of students undertook their own investigation in parallel to Jutras', calling
themselves the Independent Student Inquiry.

In his report, Jutras acknowledged the work of the Independent Student Inquiry.
Over the course of his own research, Jutras took account of the submissions and
interviews that the student investigation had posted online.

Jutras' report could not compel testimony or assign blame to individuals.

"The report was really limited by its terms of reference, which especially shows
in its recommendations, (which some members of our team think could go more
deeply into the issues involved)," Chris Bangs, a member of the Independent
Student Inquiry, said via email.

"We think one very important and frustrating thing he did not mention in his
report is that many students felt uncomfortable speaking with him and planned to
boycott his investigation," he said. "Some students only felt comfortable making
their testimonies public after his investigation has finished."

Maggie Knight, President of SSMU, shared her views on the report with the
Tribune. SSMU reacted quickly in providing support to students in the aftermath
of the riot police presence.

"The recommendations for greater communication are helpful, specifically in
laying out key areas where communication must be improved," she said. "However,
I don't know that the human impact on many students and other members of the
McGill community was sufficiently conveyed ... it doesn't thoroughly address the
level of damage done to the McGill community."

Knight felt that the report could have better addressed the administration's
follow-up response to hurt, pepper-sprayed, and disturbed students, including
bystanders caught up in the dispersion of the crowd by the police.

"Dean Jutras' report says only that 'the University should assess its own
response to the events of Nov. 10 in terms of providing counselling and care to
faculty, staff, and students in the days that followed,'" Knight said. "This
does not provide guidance as to who should undertake such an assessment by what
methodology, nor does it speak to what core values are at stake-namely,
compassion for any member of our community who has been hurt."

Jutras sees his report as merely the first step on the way to further discussion
among groups on campus, namely the administration, students, and the community.

"I think the next step for the university is for people to read the report
carefully, and to come up with their own sense of the events and to participate
in the conversation that focuses on moving forward," Jutras told the Tribune. "I
think it's fair to say that the factual account really is an effort to come up
with facts and everybody here in the university setting will understand that
there is some subjective perception, but I made as much of an effort as possible
to come up with an objective statement of facts ... reconciling different
perspectives of what took place."

"The factual account ... forms a shared basis-I hope-for further deliberations.
The recommendations are mine-I have to be conscious of the fact that there may
be a wide range of different recommendations coming from all constituencies
within the university that flow from the facts. If the community doesn't think
[my recommendations] aren't the ones that need to be followed to learn from the
events of Nov. 10, then the conversation should take place. We should really be
talking about what we make of these facts and ... now is the time to hear
different voices."

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                          Anchor: Rhode Island College

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

SOPA: Restricting piracy or free speech?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1025 words


The Internet has been a haven for free speech and expression for billions of
people, but many feel this expression is threatened by two bills currently on
the ballot. They are known as the Stop Online Piracy Act in the House of
Representatives and Protect IP Act , its Senate counterpart. The bills were
created to stop Internet piracy.

On Jan. 18, a week before the Senate was scheduled to vote on PIPA,
participating Internet sites blacked out their content, posting information
about the bills rather than their usual content. Prominent backers of the bill
started changing their opinions, as emails and phone calls worked their way
towards Congress due to the blackout.

"I think it is an important moment in the Capitol," said Rep. Zoe Lofgren
(D-Calif.). "Too often, legislation is about competing business interests. This
is way beyond that. This is individual citizens rising up."

The New York Times reported that the protest caused at least 10 senators and
nearly twice as many members of the House to announce their opposition to the
bills after the blackout. This is different from the way the bill was viewed
months ago, as most of the backers assumed it would pass, according to the
Washington Post.

"While I strongly support protecting our intellectual property, SOPA's methods
are incompatible with efforts to maintain the security and openness of the
Internet," said Rep. James Langevin, a Democrat and the first of Rhode Island's
four-member congressional delegation to take a stance on the bill. Congressman
David Cicilline (D-R.I.) has also stated his opposition.

Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.) took a stance supporting the bill. Sen. Jack
Reed (D-R.I.) has opposed previous drafts of the bill, but has not revealed how
he will vote on the current version.

Between the confusing language SOPA and PIPA are written in and dealing with the
consequences of blocking the domain name services, many are uneasy with the
bills. Critics and tech experts claim that the bills will disrupt free speech
and even the architecture of the Internet itself.

The fate of these two bills has become a fight between the entertainment
industry and Internet companies. Copyright holders from music and film
industries claim the legislation is needed to prevent Internet piracy. The
Motion Picture Association of America announced that piracy has cost the country
as many as 100,000 jobs.

"Websites are guilty until proven innocent," said Steve Rys '11, technology
director of WXIN. He explained that all websites could be accused of copyright
infringement, causing a witch hunt throughout the Internet. Courts could also
bar advertisers and payment companies such as PayPal from doing business with
the sites in question, or require Internet service providers to block access
entirely. The bills also make it a felony to stream unauthorized content online.

According to the Huffington Post, critics announced that if the bills passed, it
would only cause hackers to navigate the web in riskier ways using modified
browsers or other tweaks.

The bills would give the courts power to order the removal of sites from the
Domain Name System. According to the Washington Post, users could seek out
foreign DNS servers to access blacklisted sites, possibly altering the
Internet's architecture.

"I oppose SOPA strongly," said Aaron Buckley, The Anchor's technology director
and speaker of Student Community Government, Inc. "I am a computer technician,
and the thought of the American government being given the authority to
determine what sites violate copyright restrictions and shut down access to them
scares me a whole lot."

Buckley, who also works as a computer tech on campus, continued, "We do not need
to be like China. "We need to be fighting to protect and enable the full
discourse of information across the Web. SOPA needs to go down, with such a
fiery exit that our Congress will not attempt to pass such a bill again."

There are laws already in effect against piracy. In 1998, Congress passed the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act to stop piracy. Any site hosting or linking to
pirated material must take down the offending material once notified. According
to the Washington Post, Google claims to have taken down more than five million
requests, yet companies like Google or Facebook aren't currently required to
police their sites for illegal content. Copyright holders are claiming this
current law isn't potent enough.

Online communities such as Reddit and Tumblr organized campaigns against the
bills, leading to last week's protest.
On the day of the blackout, popular sites such as Reddit and Wikipedia's
English-language pages were shut down, posting information about the bills
rather than usual content. Though it didn't shut down, Google also posted
information exposing the bill. Other sites participating in the blackout
included Mozilla, Boing Boing, WordPress, Failblog and the Cheezburger Network.
Many social media sites not participating in the blackout spread the word about
the protest through tweets and status updates.

"Many of you stand with us against PIPA/SOPA, we wouldn't do this if we didn't
believe this legislation and the forces behind it were a serious threat to
Reddit and the Internet as we know it," tweeted Reddit co-founder and technology
investor Alexis Ohanian.
Wikipedia posted on their site that more than 162 million people saw their
blackout page and more than eight million looked up their elected
representatives' contact information by using the Wikipedia tool. A
quarter-million tweets involving SOPA occurred hourly during the blackout.

On the other hand, Rep. Lamar Smith (R-Tex.), who drafted the bill with the
backing of 30 co-sponsors, accused websites of spreading "fear rather than
fact."

"When the opposition is based upon misinformation, I have confidence in the
facts and confidence that the facts will ultimately prevail," said Smith.

On Jan. 24, senators will vote on PIPA, while voting on SOPA in the House has
been pushed back until February. RIC students who are either for or against the
bills can call or email their representatives and senators and voice their
opinions on the bill.Follow and like us:

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         The Tartan: Radford University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Censorship bills suspended in response to Internet blackout

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1024 words


Laura Endersonlenderson@radford.eduThe Stop Online Piracy Act and the Protect IP
Act are the two laws proposed  that made the news on Wednesday, Jan. 18 due to
an Internet blackout.Both laws were meant to protect content creators from theft
in the form of piracy, but created Internet-wide protests that eventually
convinced chief sponsor, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Lamar Smith to
postpone plans to draft the bill indefinitely on Friday, Jan. 20.The Internet
protests were held in the form of 24-hour blackouts, some hosting full
blackouts, while others linked to information about the bill and how to join the
protest.

The Internet blackouts Wednesday, Jan. 18, included sites such as Wikipedia,
Google, Reddit, Mozilla, WordPress, Craigslist, Wired, OatMeal, Tumblr and over
115,000 other websites according to The New York Times. Check out the complete
list at sopasike.com/on-sike.Sopasike.com also claims that the sike was "the
largest online protest in history" and has a whole page devoted to the Jan. 18
blackout numbers, available at sopasike.com/on-sike.SOPA mainly focuses on
giving content creators the power to force Internet service providers to shut
down access to a website that the owner believes violated its copyright. Read
the bill in its entirety here at
thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/C?c112:./temp/~c112gyP6uJ.SOPA is designed to stop
access to foreign websites that make money from stolen U.S. content. For
example, a foreign company could start a networking site and if someone then
uploads a video of them singing Bruno Mars, even without the original recording,
the Bruno Mars record label could say that it's an instance of piracy, send a
letter to ISP and the foreign networking site will no longer be available to the
U.S. users.Applying this concept to other "infringing" material affects art and
movie sites, as well as any other site that may fall under fair use. The impact
from ying to protect all the copyright infringement could be massive and
overstep the original purpose of the bill. Like any censoring regulation, there
is always the issue of 'how far is too far?'As for PIPA, it deals mainly with
the issue of IP addresses. With PIPA in place, search engines, like Google,
would be ordered to remove or disable access to the Internet sites associated
with a domain name that went to court for "infringing activities" and wouldn't
be able to provide a hyperlink to that site as well.The difference between SOPA
and PIPA is that PIPA only targets domain name system providers, financial
companies and ad networks. SOPA is essentially "the Internet death penalty" for
offshore websites who break copyright laws. PIPA is the "death penalty" of
law-breaking IP addresses.So what does that mean for students? Well your freedom
of the internet may be resicted-at least many of the websites students use
everyday feel that way.Mozilla, makers of Firefox, responded, "Protect the
Internet: Help us stop the Internet Blacklist Legislation." They went on to say
"your favorite websites both inside and outside the U.S. could be blocked based
on an infringement claim."Wikipedia said that SOPA is an "Internet blacklist
bill" that "would allow corporations, organizations, or the government to order
an Internet service provider to block an entire website simply due to an
allegation that the site posted infringing content."Tumblr "censored" its users'
content seams, and reported that its users made nearly 90,000 calls to Congress
through the company's website about stopping the bills.On the other hand, some
feel as if SOPA and PIPA are right on cue for what the internet needs in
censorship.The Motion Picture Association of America for example has been
featuring an analysis from First Amendment lawyer Floyd Abrams, a former MPAA
attorney, who said that SOPA is perfectly constitutional.Still many of SOPA and
PITA's critics say that the bill is simply too broad.Joshua Topolsky, the
founding editor in chief of the Verge, a technology news website, said in his
Washington Post article, "SOPA and PIPA are like taking a sledgehammer to
something when you need a scalpel. The laws are too far-reaching and too
simplistic to accurately police real piracy online, and they have been created
by people who either don't fully understand the Internet or can't appreciate its
value."Critics do agree that there needs to be something done about copyright
infringement, but SOPA and PIPA aren't the answer, or the right way to go about
it."Free speech and common sense demand a better and more thoughtful law,"
Topolsky said. "That law has to come from an organic place, built by the people
and companies that live and work on the Internet."The Jan. 18 Blackout did make
an impact; Huffington Post is reporting that SOPA has been withdrawn by its
chief sponsor, Smith. It was also announced that PIPA would be postponed, but
Smith isn't giving up completely-he's said he's pulling the measure "until there
is wider agreement on a solution."Following the blackout, several senators
pulled support for SOPA and PIPA, including senators Roy Blunt, Chuck Grassley,
Orrin Hatch, John Boozman and Marco Rubio, according to reuters.com.Lawmakers
are now working on what an alternative approach might look like.Another point of
interest in news related to SOPA and PIPA is that the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, acting on indictments by the U.S. Department of Justice shut down
Megaupload, a file sharing service, according to eweek.com. If SOPA and PIPA had
gone through, Megaupload would have been shut down without the FBI's
involvement.The shutdown stirred many anonymous attacks on the sites of
Universal Music, Department of Justice and the FBI.  According to eweek.com,
sites were out most of Thursday, Jan. 19, and some of the following Friday.Even
if SOPA and PIPA don't pass, congress is likely going to come up with another
solution, and if users want to have a say in the next proposed version, it's
necessary to be well informed of the workings of the current bills.Besides, who
would have thought that a simple, but well thought-out, internet blackout would
be responsible for the postponement of a bill?

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         The Rampage: Bluefield College

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Stand up for your rights

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 639 words


My thoughts on SOPA: The Great Awakening.

As I am sure you are well aware, something has been quite amiss on the Internet
lately.

Profile pictures have been changed and dissenting social statuses loom on the
pages, not to mention the blackouts.

Google, Wikipedia, Imgur, Reddit and many other websites, "went black," on
Wednesday in protest of two congressional bills, SOPA (Stop Online Piracy Act)
and PIPA (PROTECT IP Act). These online anti-piracy bills are now making their
way through the House and Senate respectively. As many people are beginning to
realize, if these bills are passed, it could put the internet we have come to
know and love in serious trouble.

The concept of this legislation is simple. If a website contains content that
violates copyright laws, even if it contains links to such material, it can be
shut down, no questions asked. If you look at websites like Google or Reddit,
whose sole purpose is to provide or host links to other material on the
Internet, this could prove fatal.

This has the potential to be a direct threat to free speech on the Internet.

In true American fashion, We the People have thrown a massive fit over the idea
of someone taking away one of the many comforts we enjoy on a daily basis. After
all, we believe it is our natural right to browse the Internet and express
ourselves as we choose.

I am very pleased to see that so many people are up in arms about something they
care about. However, I think is a little too late to start screaming about our
rights.

Now, don't get me wrong, I believe that it is very important we stand up to Big
Brother, and fight to maintain our freedom of expression through the Internet,
but what truly concerns me is that widespread, passionate and well-targeted
protests of this kind have not caught on sooner.

For years, our government has been whittling away at our constitutional rights,
but only recently has it come into focus as the danger it really is. If you take
a look at the rights they have blatantly violated, it is quite disturbing: The
Patriot Act, the individual mandate of ObamaCare, and the 2012 National Defense
Authorization Act to name a few.

If you don't know how these pieces of legislation affect our rights, or even
what they are, my point is proven. Our own government has duped us. They have
fooled us into believing we are experiencing liberty at its greatest.

As Americans, we value our rights and feel we have a duty to stand up for our
freedoms, but if we are not aware they are being taken from us, how can we
defend ourselves from tyranny?

I think that as a result of these online protests, people are beginning to see
that big government doesn't work, and only serves to oppress the nation and
cripple our already ailing economy.

I think the recent outrage over SOPA and PIPA is only the beginning of a great
awakening. We the People are finally starting to open our eyes to the fact that
our government is failing us, failing to protect our rights, and failing to
uphold their oath to the Constitution that makes our nation great.

According to CNN's online guide entitled SOPA 101, "If the goal of these
protests was to get people talking, that sure seems to have worked."

And people sure are talking. The blinders have been lifted from our eyes, and we
have shown we are not willing to sit idly by as our government puts our
constitutional rights in jeopardy.

This is only the tip of the iceberg. If we do not act now, we will see just how
far our government is willing to deviate from the Constitution and limit our
rights as citizens.

I challenge you to stand up, not only for the right to browse the Internet and
to freely post the pictures of what you did this weekend, but to stand up for
the rights that have been swept under the rug. Demand that our government should
recognize not just one of our rights, but all of them.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Georgetown Voice: Georgetown University

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Blast that Box: 99 problems, but the rich ain't one

BYLINE: Matt Pacana

SECTION: LEISURE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 755 words


"Gotta give us what we need/ Our freedom of speech is freedom or death/ We got
to fight the powers that be." When Public Enemy used these words in 1989 to
command their fans to "fight the power," they could not have guessed that their
message would be embodied by a global movement more than two decades later. But
four months ago, the Occupy Wall Street protests burst onto the scene with a
flurry of media coverage, and since then, terms like "Occupy" and "the 99
percent" have unquestionably become part of our lexicon. The Occupy movement has
managed to gain universal attention, garner celebrity support, and even shape
America's political debates. Unsurprisingly, rappers have also attempted to
ingratiate themselves with the movement.

Rap first developed its anti-establishment image when Grandmaster Flash released
the seminal protest track, "The Message," in 1982. In the early nineties, N.W.A.
and Public Enemy continued that tradition with reputations for rebellion and
rhymes about social inequality, racism, and government oppression. As Occupiers
aim their damning criticism at corporate greed and corrupt politics, rap seems
like it would provide the perfect musical complement to the demands of the 99
percent.

With a "fuck the man" mentality, protestors and rappers share a message that is
integrally linked. But while artists like Dead Prez and Lupe Fiasco have lent
famous voices to the movement, some of the same rappers that denounce stark
socioeconomic stratification in their lyrics display an uncanny similarity to
the extravagantly wealthy capitalists they condemn in their songs, making it
difficult for them to maintain sincerity.

On November 11, an outsider showed up to the Occupy Wall Street camp in Zuccotti
Park hawking $22 t-shirts glibly branded "Occupy All Streets." This individual
was no mere two-bit opportunist, but rap mogul Shawn Carter, otherwise known as
Jay-Z. His net worth? $450 million. A walking paradox, Jay-Z "joined" Occupy
Wall Street two months into the protests near the peak of its media attention.

At the start of his career, Jay-Z used his lyrics and heart-wrenching emotion to
extricate himself from a difficult upbringing and life on the streets that would
likely have resulted in poverty, jail, or death. But today, having put the gaudy
lavishness of his newfound power and wealth into Watch the Throne, his
collaboration with Kanye West, Jay-Z has officially completed his transformation
into the stereotypical wealthy capitalist his lyrics denounce. While he managed
to achieve unparalleled social mobility from such an impoverished upbringing, he
has since exemplified everything that a young Jay-Z and the Occupy movement hate
about our society. The paradox underlying Jay-Z's transformation boggles the
minds of fans who love his heartfelt lyrics but are puzzled by his transparent
entrepreneurship.

While Jay-Z is vindicated by his humble upbringing, petulant
producer-turned-garishly-materialistic-rap-phenomenon Kanye West has no such
excuse. Kanye (net worth: $70 million) had a predictably short-lived experience
with the dedicated protestors in Zuccotti Park. Arriving with $25,000 worth of
gold in and around his face, his October tour with mega-millionaire Russell
Simmons resulted in boos, hisses, and immediate dismissal as a serious
supporter. Despite his art school childhood and insatiable desire to wear
golden-leaved crowns, Kanye has rapped about issues ranging from blood diamonds
to tumultuous relationships. There is no denying that he deserves his commercial
success, but the hypocrisy of his identification with Occupy is piercingly
obvious.

While Jay-Z is too rich to take seriously and Kanye lacks self-awareness, Lupe
Fiasco has shown that he knows how to walk the subtle line between capitalizing
rapper and social activist. Lupe (net worth: $8 million) is certainly a member
of the one percent, but that has not stopped him from losing sleep and money
traveling across the country to support the movement.

While Lupe experienced and escaped childhood hardship like Jay-Z, he has
maintained a philosophical outlook that keeps him grounded. Rappers who desire
to impart their honest anti-establishment message in unison with the Occupy
movement would be better suited to follow Lupe's quiet example and forget their
capitalist agenda. Pushing a decentralized theme, he makes it clear that the
success of the movement will come from its focus on socioeconomic equality, not
from the self-aggrandizing support of certain glitterati within the one percent.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                the Inkwell: Armstrong Atlantic State University

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Occupy Savannah

BYLINE: Maggie Stone

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 947 words


"I have no idea what Occupy Savannah is," said Armstrong student Casey Beckley
on the week that the movement celebrated its 100th day. According to Occupy
Savannah protestors, Beckley's bewilderment is not unique to college students.

"It's not just the students who don't know what the Occupy movement is," said
retired schoolteacher Sandra Crewe. "The adults who drive down the road don't
know what it is."

Although each participant will vary in his or her definition, Occupy Savannah is
a local extension of the Occupy Wall Street movement, which began Sep. 17, 2011,
which led to a growing encampment in Zuccutti Park in New York City. The
non-violent protest promoted civil disobedience and was started by Adbusters, an
ad-free magazine, which suggested a protest.

Citizens targeted Wall Street for its role in the 2008 recession. As parallel
movements sprang up in different cities last fall, so did Occupy Savannah. The
movement has continued for 109 days in historic Emmet Park on Bay Street. While
the group has slimmed down since their first days in October, the general size
of the group is approximately 20 people.

"I think this movement is great," said Armstrong biology major Devonte Davis. "I
think it's a great thing for the city of Savannah."

Another protester, retiree Margaret "MaXX" McKenzie said that for her the
movement is a group of different people celebrating diversity.

"Where is everyone? They are playing their video games, shopping and going to
the movies. They are doing a lot of other things rather than being concerned
about other things," McKenzie said. "Occupy is an umbrella of people who want to
be awake, conscience and learning. They want to be discussing and having a
conversation about it."

Crewe sets up camp on Bay Street to protest alongside her daughter Vickie
O'Donnell, a 39-year-old East Broad Elementary schoolteacher, and 13-year-old
granddaughter Bonny O'Donnell.

Crewe stated that even when she sustained an injury that left her in a
wheelchair for the first two weeks, she still came to Emmet Park. She also
stated than one of her biggest issues was education because her daughter, now a
local schoolteacher, accrued over $30,000 worth of debt in student loans.

"It's hard for the kids to get a better education and go through school, and
then you want to charge them so much to go to school," said Crewe. "They can't
afford to do it. Then, they get out of school, and there's no jobs in the
profession they've studied in school.

"Then, Uncle Sam says 'Knock, knock. I want my money.' He don't care if you're
working or not.

"I want to see it changed."

Environmental artist Philip DeWolf said he participates in the movement because
people need to be educated about what happens in the United States. DeWolf, who
was born in South Africa, spent the past several decades residing in California
before making the trek to Savannah.

"People believe all the garbage they see on television and they don't bother to
find out what's really going on - especially younger people," DeWolf said. "They
are going to suffer the most from what is brought about by the older
generation."

Several Armstrong students have varying opinions about Occupy Savannah's
presence in Savannah.

"I think Occupy is an overall good movement," said biology major Nicholas
Battyanyi. "I think there are some problems with there not being an exact
unified purpose.

"The main criticism from a lot of people is that they don't exactly have an
entire stance. However, that's to be expected since it's a collective without
one leader.

"Overall, I support it."

"Really, I feel that I have a mixed opinion," said freshman Michael Vasquez. "I
think it's a little odd that everyone will stand in the middle of nowhere just
because there's a 1 percent. I am just wondering how they are going to enact
change for that goal. It's a little strange."

Crewe, however, maintains that the participants are doing much more than
standing in the middle of nowhere. She said that they routinely get involved in
the community and meet people whether it is homeless people or members of other
Occupy movements. Frequently, they are called hippies, told to get jobs or to
move to China. On one occasion, a passerby attempted to assail Crewe with food.

"I had a day where a guy threw a sausage at me," Crewe said. "I was lucky that
Brett was here to deflect it. Brett put his sign up, and it hit it."

While people like Crewe are sometimes met with resistance, the participants
maintained that the experience was rewarding for them.

Armstrong history major Amir Ogburn said he had been engaged in Occupy Savannah
for the past seven days at the time of the interview.

"I'm becoming more and more active here," Ogburn said. "This is my first
semester at Armstrong."

Born in Santiago de Chile and a practicing Muslim, Ogburn said he plans to come
every day that he can, when he is not obligated to religious duties on Fridays.

"I believe in helping people," he said. "Too many people talk, and that's all
they ever do. Everyone falls into the bystander effect. I have always been told
that if you don't lend a hand, then you are at fault too. We are planning to get
involved to feed the hungry."

"To me, Occupy is about social activism. We stand for a variety of different
causes, but it all relates to the economy.

"For us, we all have student debt. When I come out of school, the one thing I
will have besides a degree is a lot of money that I owe somebody. There's
interest on that. Some people who go to law school graduate with six-figures
worth of debt.

"I'm not against corporations making money, but some of it should go towards
helping people," he said. "Students should be able to get an education without
debt."12

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Gateway: University of Nebraska at Omaha

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

SOPA: Like swatting a fly with a sledgehammer

BYLINE: Jeff Kazmierski

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 630 words

By Jeff Kazmierski, Copy Editor

Last Wednesday, more than 10,000 web sites, including Wikipedia, Google,
Craigslist and WordPress, went black or blacked out portions of their content in
protest of the Stop Online Piracy Act a law intended to put a stop to online
software and media piracy. The act of mass protest caused most of the bill's
sponsors and supporters to rethink their position. The bill has since been
delayed in the House of Representatives, and its evil twin PIPA, the Protect IP
Act, has met a similar fate in the Senate.

The bills would have given unprecedented and legally questionable power to
copyright holders. Under SOPA, a rights holder could have requested a payment
facilitator shut down access to a "rogue" website, who would then have to
explain how it was not in violation of the law. In other words, the burden of
proof would be on the accused, in contrast to centuries of legal precedent. It
would also have made downloading copyrighted content a crime punishable by up to
five years in prison.

The bills were heavily sponsored and promoted by dozens of media corporations
and artists' groups including Sony Music, Viacom, Time Warner and Disney. Even
infamous anti-tax fanatic, Grover Norquist's Americans for Tax Reform, was in on
it.

The bill failed, but that doesn't mean the fight is over.

In fact, the companies and media conglomerates guilty of promoting these
monstrosities remain as stubborn as ever. On the day of the protest, Jonathan
Lamy, president of the Recording Industry Association of America tweeted "After
Wikipedia blackout (sic), somewhere, a student today is doing original research
and getting his/her facts straight. Perish the thought." Yes, he is. And the
facts aren't on your side, sir.

The goal of the legislation, after all, was not just protecting intellectual
property. Like virtually all acts of censorship, it was about controlling how,
when and where we access media and information. The recording industry never
really caught up with the digital revolution that happened 10 years ago, when
mp3 players took the music world by storm. They have since fought tooth and nail
to protect distribution rights to movies and other forms of entertainment, with
limited success. Industry sources claim that $200 to $250 billion in sales is
lost every year due to piracy.

This sounds impressive, but in fact the numbers can't be verified. Piracy is a
black box when it comes to calculating its cost. The industry appears to assume
that every pirated copy of a movie would have been purchased legitimately were
it not for the availability of illegal downloads. This is a false equivalence.
An illegal download represents an illegal download, not a lost sale. Just
because your roommate watched a movie over a bit torrent for free, doesn't
necessarily mean he would have been willing to pay $20 for the DVD. He may not
have bought the movie at all, making any calculation of potential profit
meaningless.

The same principle is true for music sales. Back in the twentieth century we had
little choice but to pay $20 for a CD with maybe one song we actually liked;
today we can download one song for 99 cents. That doesn't mean the industry is
losing money; it means customers are in control. And illegal downloads don't
mean lost revenue because piracy does not equal sales.

I am not defending piracy. Artists, musicians, writers and other content
creators have every right to protect their intellectual property. A lot of work
goes in to creating a song, book or movie, and creators have a right to profit
from their work. But SOPA and PIPA are bad law written by people who don't
understand how Internet commerce works. They deserve to be scrapped and replaced
with better laws, preferably written by better, more web-savvy legislators.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Columbia Chronicle: Columbia College

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Upcoming summits stir excitement

BYLINE: Aviva Einhorn

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 837 words


As Chicago prepares for this May's NATO and G8 summits, city officials are
trying to keep their focus positive and avoid worry about the potential
consequences protests could present.

Chicago organizations and institutions came together Jan. 25 at the Cultural
Center, 78 E. Washington St., and disclosed plans to prepare residents for the
summits, as well as initiatives to incorporate the international spirit into
public programs.

Lori Healey, executive director of the G8 and NATO Host Committees, led the
special meeting, which featured announcements including the unveiling of the
city's newest slogan, "Chicago 2012: The Global Crossroads." Throughout the
meeting, speakers emphasized the potential boost to the city's economy and
status because of the political, media and tourist crowds the summits are
expected to draw.

"As many as 7,500 delegates from 80 nations will gather in Chicago [for the
summits]," Healey said. "Additionally, an international press corps-perhaps
totaling 3,000-will be in Chicago coveringthese events."

Representatives from the Chicago Public Schools, World Sport Chicago, League of
Chicago Theatres and other organizations discussed their initiatives to
incorporate the international collaboration within their programs.

CPS Program Coordinator David Blackmon spoke about specific additions to the
schools' curriculum that will prompt students' involvement in the international
climate the summits will bring to the city.

"One of our programs will be a video contest," Blackmon said. "Students will
compose videos about Chicago welcoming the delegates. The winning videos will
provide insight into our city with what it means to be a Chicagoan while showing
offtheir talents."

Marshall Bouton, president of the Chicago Council for Global Affairs, stressed
the importance of the event for Chicago's economy and tourism industry.

"There will be close to 3,000 journalists coming from around the world [and] we
want to make sure these journalists not only write about the meeting, but have
the opportunity to experience other parts of Chicago," Bouton said. "Chicago
ranks number 10 in U.S. cities in terms of international visitation, [and] we
view this as a great opportunity because the economic impact of the visitors the
summits will bring from abroad gives us the opportunity to put Chicago on the
world stage."

When the floor opened to questions, main concerns among audience members were
possible protests and theeconomic strain the summits could pose for the city.

Healey sharply dismissed the concerns and reiterated that the committee would
maintain a positive focus and steer away from negative foresights. Her
optimistic comments drew criticism from the audience.

"All the focus on negativity is unproductive," Healey said. "Will there be
issues and challenges? Let me just say we're working with what I think is the
best law enforcement and public safety team possible. The Secret Service, the
Chicago Police Department, the Chicago Fire Department, our friends at the State
[Department], everybody is working on this to ensure the city continues to
operate with minimal impact."

According to CBSLocal.com, Healey downplayed warnings from Jerry Roper,
Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce president and CEO, who told the Chicago
Sun-Times that "stores along State Street in the Loop and Michigan Avenue on the
Magnificent Mile should prepare for the worst should protests turn violent."

In the same report, Roper cautioned that State Street and Michigan Avenue
businesses should post 24-hour security outside their doors during the summits
and have board-up services "on standby" should protesters shatter windows.

Felicia Davis, first deputy chief of staff to Mayor Rahm Emanuel, referenced the
relations Chicago has maintained with its permanent Occupy Chicago movement as
an example of the city's ability to uphold civil relations with protesters.

"Recently, the mayor introduced some ordinances that raised some concern," Davis
said. "There was a lot of discussion with protest groups, and the final product
was something that gave us the ability to ensure there's a set of securement.
The CPD is a world class police department and they are planning for Chicago's
response."

Davis and other officials also spoke about "Notify Chicago," a free instant
messaging system with an online sign up that provides updated alerts regarding
Chicago Transit Authority scheduling and street closures that might occur during
the summits.

"I encourage everyone to sign up for Notify Chicago," Davis said. "It's the most
easily accessible way for residents to get updates on bus scheduling and street
closures."

Davis also said there has been talk about recruiting police forces from outside
of the city."This will be the highest profile meeting Chicago has ever hosted,"
said Don Welsh, president and CEO of the Chicago Convention and Tourism Bureau.

According to the Chicago Host Committee, of all the anticipations and
predictions, one thing is certain: Come May, the whole world will have its eyes
on Chicago.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Hillsdale Collegian: Hillsdale College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Srsly, America?

BYLINE: Sally Nelson

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 396 words


A week ago, America reacted.

Thousands - from bleary eyed internet trollers with stacks of empty Mountain Dew
cans to CEOs of major companies - united to voice their frustration with Protect
Intellectual Property Act and the Stop Online Piracy Act .

Websites shut down. Twitter exploded with #SOPAblackout tweets. Google even
changed their banner to the black rectangle commonly used by censors.

The protests (sort of) worked. Congress tabled the bill, though similar
proposals will likely resurface.

America's reaction is understandable and warranted, but it still frustrates me.

Turns out, threatening to hamper someone's ability to download Kid Cudi's
discography or post screenshots of Arrested Development to their Tumblrs is the
only way to inspire national, bipartisan protests over the government's
usurpation of our rights.

Yes, SOPA and PIPA affect more than just hipsters and their beloved internet.
Like many college students, I participated in the protest with many a frustrated
tweet. However, our reactions show that something is fundamentally wrong with
our perspective on our rights.

We've somehow missed the dozens of attacks on our rights from a government
rapidly growing into a police state.

Currently, the government can legally throw any American citizen into Guantanamo
Bay indefinitely without trial simply on the suspicion that the person is
involved in terrorism.

Just a few weeks ago on New Year's Eve, President Barack Obama signed the
National Defense Authorization Act into law. The bill allows the government to
imprison suspected terrorists indefinitely. Even if the suspect is an American
citizen.

The vague language of the bill gives the government the ability to deny fair
trial to anyone suspected of supporting any group "associated" with Al Queda or
the Taliban. Rather than receiving the trial the 4th Amendment is supposed to
guarantee, suspects are tried via military tribunal.

If the government deems you a terrorist, you lose your rights.

This is just one example of how the government has destroyed our freedom. SOPA
and PIPA are simply the logical next steps in a long line of incredibly
successful attacks upon our freedom.

Where were we when the NDAA gave the military the option of unlimited
imprisonment? Where were we when individual health-care became mandatory? Where
were we when "hate crimes" bills passed?

Chances are, we were on Youtube.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The McGill Tribune: McGill University

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

The McGill Tribune Websites dark for a day in protest of U.S. anti-piracy bills

BYLINE: Lucas Topham

SECTION: SCI-TECH; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 736 words


en.wikipedia.org

Black banners confronted visitors to the English version of Wikipedia, reddit
and several other websites this past Wednesday as part of the largest online
political demonstration in history. The websites were protesting two proposed
bills in the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives: the Stop Online Piracy
Act , and the PROTECT IP Act .

If passed, SOPA and PIPA would allow Congress or copyright holders to take
direct action against websites that are deemed to be infringing on copyright or
intellectual property, or dealing in counterfeit goods like forged sports
memorabilia. The bills were proposed and supported by both sides of the aisle,
as members of Congress, backed by various entertainment companies, sought a tool
for stronger action against copyright infringement, up to and including blocking
access to websites.

Opponents of the bill include the Wikimedia Foundation and reddit, as well as
other tech giants like Google, Facebook, eBay, and Twitter. Their primary
concern is that the bills are too open to interpretation.

These companies share four main objections to SOPA and PIPA:

Their broad wording

SOPA and PIPA propose that websites which are found to be "committing or
facilitating the commission of criminal violations" are liable to be punished.
Under this condition, any website that has a link to another site that illegally
possesses copyrighted content is held equally accountable. For websites that do
not directly control what links are posted, such as Google, Facebook, reddit-or
any site which accepts user comments or uses robots to crawl other sites-this
broad umbrella makes them liable and would "criminalize linking" according to
Google CEO Eric Schmidt.

DNS blacklisting

Blacklisting would make the unique address of an offending website invisible and
unreachable by typing in the URL or searching on Google. This is a departure
from current attempts to control copyright infringement where the website must
simply remove offending content. Instead, what is proposed would remove any
possiblity of accessing the website, essentially shutting it down.

Duty to monitor

Currently, for any copyright claim to be made, copyright holders must inform a
website that it hosts copyrighted material, and prove that the claimer has
ownership. SOPA and PIPA would legislate that websites must monitor themselves
for any offending content or links, or otherwise risk being shut down in
response to a single complaint. Not only would this force larger companies to
divert resources into monitoring their content, but it may act as a barrier to
smaller companies.

Freedom of speech

There are worries that DNS blacklisting coupled with vague wording on what
constitutes an offending website has too much potential for abuse. Civil
libertarians have drawn comparisons to the Great Firewall of China, saying that
while the intent is completely different, the effects could be the same.

Opponents to SOPA and PIPA are multinational, as the proposed bills would affect
foreign websites as well as domestic ones. For example, the American company
Verisign owns the registry for the suffix ".com," so any website that uses
".com" is subject to SOPA and PIPA regardless of the website's country of
origin. If an offending link were posted on any .com site, the site runs the
risk of being erased from the Internet before being given the chance to defend
the allegations. It's a shoot first, ask questions later approach.

In the wake of online protests, the strong opposition shown has caused
supporters to waver. The number of congressmen and senators against SOPA and
PIPA is growing rapidly, with many taking to Twitter to make their opposition
publicly known. Republican Senator John Cornyn was quoted as saying, "Stealing
content is theft, plain and simple, but concerns about the Internet and free
speech necessitate a more thoughtful, deliberative process." On Friday, Senate
Democratic leader Harry Reid postponed the upcoming Senate vote on PIPA. SOPA's
sponsor, Representative Lamar Smith, announced that SOPA would also be
postponed, pending further review. He added that he was willing to rework the
bill to precisely target only infringing websites.

While it seems protestors have thwarted SOPA and PIPA for now, one should expect
to see them again in a new form. The MPAA, RIAA, and other proponents of the
bills aren't likely to give up on ensuring their copyrights are protected.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Hatch withdraws sponsorship of PIPA after citizens voice their concerns

BYLINE: Kurt Hanson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 679 words


In the wake of as many as 7,000 websites going black in protest of the Stop
Online Piracy Act and the Protect IP Act, Congress won't take up the
controversial bills this session.

On Wednesday, Jan. 18, thousands of websites, such as Wikipedia, Reddit and
WordPress, blacked out their websites to protest the legislation intended to
prevent digital piracy in what was the largest protest in tech world history.
The PIPA, originally slated for a vote on Jan. 24, is "a bill to prevent online
threats to economic creativity and theft of intellectual property, and for other
purposes." The SOPA has similar intents, but it was a House bill. In addition to
the large online protest, voting on PIPA was recently postponed to a pending
date as a result of poor support from the Senate .

Some websites blacked out their sites on January 18 to keep the Stop Online
Piracy Act and PROTECT IP act from becoming law.

"It was a bill ostensibly drafted to protect an individual's intellectual
property," Driessen said. "What it really did was give the Hollywood hitters a
weapon to try to force peer platforms, like YouTube and Wikipedia, to police
their alleged copyright rights for them."

The Motion Picture Association of America and U.S. Chamber of Commerce are both
strong supporters of SOPA and PIPA, asserting the acts will ensure greater
protection of intellectual property such as movies and music.

Major sites based on user content provided means for viewers to understand the
basics of the bills and know the underwriting in them. On Jan. 18, Google
provided a link on its home page to a digital petition. In an article from the
Washington Post, Google said it collected more than 7 million signatures.

SOPA and PIPA were created to stop online copyright infringement and piracy, add
extra protection to artists from having their songs, movies or artwork used
without their intent and prevent Internet users from using foreign piracy sites.
However, the SOPA defines a "foreign infringing site" as any site facilitating
copyright infringement. This could include YouTube, Facebook or any blogging
site.

The PIPA bill says any site with no significant use other than facilitating
copyright infringement falls under this category. The possible actions taken, as
stated in the bills, are black-barring the URL or other options such as blocking
the website.

Michelle Schwoebel, a master's student from Indianapolis, Ind., studying German,
perhaps represented thousands of students' shared feelings and said, "While the
bill isn't being created for the purpose of censorship, the way it would be used
when it is put into action would certainly lend itself to it."

Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, recently withdrew his sponsorship of PIPA. In a news
release, Hatch said he understood intellectual property theft is an issue, but
there are too many "far-reaching consequences."

"Given the legitimate vocal concerns," Hatch said, "it is imperative that we
take a step back to allow everyone to come together and find a reasonable
solution."

Driessen said user-based websites, such as YouTube, are practically free
advertising for artists. She said when people have sung popular songs on
YouTube, frequently parodying the songs, the sales for the songs often increased
when views were high. Rarely was permission given from the artist to publicize
the content.

Schwoebel said SOPA and PIPA, if passed, wouldn't eliminate piracy. She said
criminals will still find a way around the laws.

"Do I want people being able to have other illegal behaviors facilitated? No,"
Schwoebel said. "But with any format, there are going to be people who take
advantage of the system and you can't completely get rid of it."

The stalled acts have brought about the new Online Protection and Enforcement of
Digital Trade act, which will combat piracy as well. The content of the bill is
similar to SOPA and PIPA. However, it defines a foreign site as one that
"willfully promotes copyright violation."

Hatch said, "Our Founding Fathers understood that protecting people's ideas is
essential to a robust and healthy democracy."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              Daily Bruin: University of California - Los Angeles

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

In the know: Occupy Oakland violence

BYLINE: Nicole Mirea

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 493 words


Oakland police arrested more than 400 Occupy Oakland members who attempted to
break into Oakland City Hall, as well as the city's downtown YMCA building and
unused Henry Kaiser Convention Center Saturday afternoon in a protest that
involved violence from both sides.While the Oakland Police Department did not
deny its use of smoke, tear gas and non-lethal bullets, it maintained that
officers only did so after issuing multiple warnings to the protestors who had
begun desoying consuction equipment and fencing surrounding the Kaiser
center."Officers were pelted with bottles, metal pipe, rocks, spray cans,
improvised explosive devices and burning flares," according to a statement from
Oakland Police Department, released after the use of smoke and tear gas.So was
Occupy Oakland's Move-In Day a wise idea?On Dec. 21, the Occupy Oakland General
Assembly passed a proposal to occupy and hold a large building for purposes of
organization and shelter.

And thus, Move-In Day was born.Since this large-scale protest was coordinated
through the Internet, it is clear that Occupy Oakland is already pretty
organized despite the lack of an indoor meeting space. And if shelter was the
Occupiers' primary concern, they could have negotiated peacefully through the
proper channels. If the city really had "no plans for use" of the Kaiser center
(as Occupy Oakland claimed), there would be no reason to withhold it from those
who respectfully asked for it for a legitimate purpose.Thus, the seizure of the
community center "" and the subsequent arrest of more than 400 protestors "" was
unnecessary. It may have even been deimental to the Occupiers' cause.The Occupy
movement, which represents a broad expression of frusation with economic
inequality, targeted at the United State's richest citizens, seems to have lost
its footing recently.As of yet, no national political change has been affected
as a result of the protests. At best, the Occupiers have managed to annoy local
authorities to the point of exasperation and foot the cities they occupy with a
steep bill "" as Jean Quan, mayor of Oakland, can attest after estimating Occupy
protests' total damages since October to be $2 million.So why haven't they been
more effective?One commonly cited reason is the movement's lack of concrete
goals. While this may be a testament to Occupy's organic, grassroots sucture, it
is a hindrance in the long run. Until the Occupiers solve this problem,
authorities will continue to ivialize the movement. And the damage done to
public property "" in this case, the buildings in Oakland "" does little good
for their image.Occupy should not be working against the politicians or the
police. Instead, it should be working with them. If Occupy touts itself as "the
voice of the 99 percent," shouldn't that voice include police officers and local
politicians as well?Email Mirea at nmirea@media.ucla.edu Send general comments
to opinion@media.ucla.edu or tweet at us @DBopinion.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                             The Peak: Simon Fraser

                             January 9, 2012 Monday

21st Century Democracy - The changing face of democracy

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 515 words


By Gustavo Destro

It started in Tunisia late in 2010, it spread to Egypt and the rest of the
Middle East, soon it made its way west, into the streets of New York City and
across the globe, and by the end of 2011 it had reached the frozen streets of
Moscow.

2011 could be named the Year of the Protests. From the Arab Spring to the Occupy
movement and the anti-Putin demonstrations in Russia, people took to the streets
for what they believed in, call- ing for change, the end of dictatorships, and
the end of corruption.

This year of protests fol- lowed a significant growth in the number of social
media applications, such as Twitter and Facebook, which allowed for a large
group of people to organize themselves and share their experiences with
thousands of others. This is a significant development, not simply because it
changes the way people communicate, it may change the way democ- racy itself
works.

The concept of democ- racy is not a new one, having been fashioned by the an-
cient Greeks 5,000 years ago. From then on it has evolved, at times slowly, and
at times has been completely ignored. The Magna Carta, the Decla- ration of
Independence, and the Declaration of the Rights of Man all influenced the cur-
rent form of democracy we hold dear as it became the post World War II standard
for liberal democracies.

But this standard may not stand for long. The changes we are currently
experiencing may turn 21st century democracy into something different than what
was in the past hundred years. This is not to say that the changes will be
drastic,

that a sort of post-democracy system will emerge. In fact, most people may not
even feel these events as they unfold so naturally. Evolution, after all, is not
a sudden change, but a slow gradual process, natu- rally making its way until it
be- comes the norm.

The reality is that the sys- tem we currently have in place is not
self-sustainable in the long run, not with the society that we currently live
in. An increasing number of people have more access to more in- formation than
ever before, and that leads to a sense, and at times, a reality, of empower-
ment. Like the events of the Arab Spring showed, once the reality is plain for
all to see, it can no longer be contained.

For hundreds of years, rul- ers and politicians have had the assurance that, if
they were careful enough, they could hide what they did not wish people to see.
Not so in an age of 24/7 news, social media, and Wikileaks. People have
understood that they have the power to hold those in charge accountable, and
they are wil- ingandabletodoso.Aswe move forward, politics may be- come
increasingly more trans- parent, with people making an impact not simply by
voting, but also by fact-checking and calling out what they believe is wrong.

As stated before, this will not be a revolution as much as it will be an
evolution. The younger generations are in- creasingly accustomed to a cer- tain
degree of information and this will slowly make its way into our democratic
system, creating greater transparency, accountability, and in the end, better
representation

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             Daily Californian: University of California - Berkeley

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

Upcoming regents meeting spurs plans for student demonstrations

BYLINE: Jessica Rossoni

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 573 words


The UC Board of Regents will meet at UC Riverside this week to discuss finances
and other issues facing the University of California while protesters will hold
demonstrations at the Riverside and Berkeley campuses urging students to act
against potential future cuts.

Throughout the Wednesday and Thursday meetings, regents will examine the
university's future financial condition following a recent announcement from
Gov. Jerry Brown that after last year's trigger cuts and state revenue
shortfalls, the UC may be faced with significant cuts yet again.

Have a question for the UC Regents, protesters or Gov. Brown? Ask anyone a
question via Your Direct Line.

Brown's budget proposal, released Jan. 5, stated that the UC may be cut $200
million if voters do not approve proposed tax increases this November, following
a year in which the UC system was plagued with $750 million in cuts from the
state.

The board's itinerary was determined before Brown's announcement, but according
to the agenda, UC Vice President for Budget and Capital Resources Patrick Lenz
will update the board on Brown's budget proposal Thursday.

Although the board will not vote on tuition or fee increases for students during
the meeting, student protesters still plan to demonstrate.

The last regents' meeting in November - which was rescheduled and held across
four campuses via teleconference due to safety concerns - took place in the heat
of the Occupy movement and saw a turnout of protesters and activists so large
that the meeting was delayed at three of the four locations.

On Thursday, students will again protest at UC Riverside and UC Berkeley in
order to connect the Occupy movement to issues facing the UC and renew efforts
in defense of public education in the spring semester.

The regents will allow time for an hour of public comment at the beginning of
Wednesday's meeting and 20 minutes for comment at Thursday's meeting.

But Elliott Kim - a volunteer community organizer and recent alumnus of UC
Riverside's graduate program for history - said he and other organizers hope
that the regents will open the meeting beyond the usual limited number of
audience members and are calling on the regents to take time to engage the
public in critical dialogue on issues at the UC.

"I would love to see that happen this meeting," Kim said. "But whether the
regents will be responsive to that is yet to be seen."

Community members, students and faculty of UC Riverside are calling for an
all-day rally against fee hikes, "trigger" cuts and any other cuts, layoffs and
other austerity measures Thursday.

"Organizers and activists are trying to make a more equitable, accessible and
just society," Kim said. "When public education is being systematically
privatized, this is not going to happen.

In addition to hearing from activists associated with the Occupy movement, UC
representatives will meet with Fix UC - a coalition of students from the
editorial board of UC Riverside's student newspaper, The Highlander - which has
developed an alternative method to finance the UC.

Under the plan, students would forgo paying tuition while in California public
universities and instead contribute a percentage of their income to their
respective campuses for 20 years after graduation.

According to UC spokesperson Steve Montiel, Lenz and UC Executive Vice President
Nathan Brostrom will meet with the students sometime during the week.

Jessica Rossoni covers higher education.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Utah Chronicle: University of Utah

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday

MLK's spirit marches on

BYLINE: Lindsey Wilbur

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 403 words


[media-credit id=205 align="alignright" width="300"][/media-credit]

Maraders wait to begin their march from East High School to Kingsbury Hall
during the Martin Luther King, Jr. Celebration.

About 1,000 people braved snowy weather Monday for a parade and march in honor
of the life of Martin Luther King Jr.

The 1.3-mile march was a simulation of the 1964 March on Washington and was
intended to focus on the life and legacy of King, said Jennifer Williams Molock,
chairwoman of the committee. Molock opened the rally with King's words:

"If you cannot fly, run, if you cannot run, walk, if you cannot walk, crawl, but
whatever you do, you have to keep moving forward."

France Davis, pastor of Calvary Baptist Church and a member of the Utah Board of
Regents, gave the keynote address at the rally. Davis was a student at the
Tuskegee Institute and joined King in a march from Selma, Ala., to Birmingham to
fight for voting rights.

"My message is that whatever we do, we need to keep moving forward and I want
people to understand that certain things they have to do to keep moving
forward," he said.

As Davis spoke, he emphasized mentorship and formal education, envisioning
change, communicating outwardly, questioning the status quo and "walking the
talk" as means of moving society forward.

In addition to Davis' words, the Praise United gospel group performed two songs
during the rally, including the song "Precious Lord, Take My Hand," which Greg
Lang, founder of Praise United, said was King's favorite song.

"I thank Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. for allowing the Lord to use him, which
allows us to continue to praise his name today," said Zelda Fay Bendinger, a
member of Praise United.

Jenny Andrus brought her two children to the event because of the diversity and
tolerance that it sought to promote.

"It's hard to find diversity in Salt Lake City, so it's easy for [children] to
grow up thinking everyone looks just like them," she said.

Chris Weigel brought her 6-year-old daughter Harper to the event to learn about
MLK.

"We've read books at home, but I wanted her to experience it," she said.

The Department of Student Equity and Diversity and the U's Martin Luther King
Jr. Committee hosted the fourth annual march, which began with a rally at East
High School, ended at Kingsbury Hall.

The conclusion at Kingsbury Hall was followed by a cultural celebration
featuring A Touch of Polynesia, a professional dance company.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                             The Peak: Simon Fraser

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

University Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 283 words


By Arianne Madden

Glitch causes UBC to overcharge students for tuition

An external payment processing company contracted to handle thousands of
University of British Columbia students' tuition and housing accounts
accidentally double and triple charged over 500 students in December. The
charges amounting to over $2.1 million were refunded to students and the company
also promised to pay for overdraft or insufficient fund fees that some students
paid as a result of the double charge.

Former board members stage protest against Kwantlen impeachments

Three former members of the Kwantlen Student Association staged a protest at the
university's Surrey campus decrying the impeachment of the entire student
association board this past November. The protestors demanded to know why some
former Kwantlen students were barred from KSA elections, suggesting that the
impeachment may have been racially motivated.

Ryerson issues sex assault warnings

Ryerson University recently issued a public warning to students and community
members after a woman was sexually assaulted near the university's downtown
Toronto campus. The woman was picked up by a group of six men in a black minivan
and taken to a nearby neighbourhood where she was sexually assaulted. Police are
still investigating but have released descriptions of the attackers online.

Carleton opens assault survivor support centre

After years of student lobbying, Carleton University has agreed to open up a
crisis support centre to assist survivors of sexual assaults following numerous
attacks on campus in recent years. The resource centre and outreach program will
be made available in September and will be run by a group of volunteers.

-Ariane Madden

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   Arkansas Traveler: University of Arkansas

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

A Call To Action: What Collective Effort Can Do

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 682 words


I don't really feel that I need to tell you, the reader, what SOPA/PIPA is, or
what it does. Originally, that was going to be my intention, but oh how fast the
Internet moves in just a matter of days.

For those among you who had your head under a rock yesterday, SOPA, or the Stop
Online Piracy Bill and PIPA, the Protect-IP Act, placed harsh restrictions on
the Internet, under the guise of fighting piracy. These restrictions included
giving the media industry power to bring down a website simply for containing a
link to an offending website. As Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales pointed out to
CNN just two days ago, this would make it so Wikipedia wouldn't even be able to
provide a link to the Pirate Bay under the article for same website. Facebook,
Twitter and other websites such as Tumblr would have to start a fierce
self-censorship initiative to police any offenses, so as to not get into legal
trouble. The free speech problems are rather self-evident, really.

Then there is the possibility for abuse. If companies such as the MPAA or RIAA
feel that a new Internet startup company is infringing on their rights, say for
instance in a way that earlier Youtube or Soundcloud may have, they could
eliminate these websites from the face of the internet by finding just one
copyrighted piece of work on their servers. In this way, competition would null,
and innovation would be stifled.

There's a rather decent chance that you know all this already. Wikipedia and
Reddit, among other smaller websites, participated in a day of protest, blacking
out their websites and providing information about the issues. Google even
joined in, placing a black bar over their famous logo, which led to an online
petition against the bills. If you've been on Facebook in the past 12 hours, it
is this petition that you can't avoid.

Logging on to Facebook yesterday, I realized that my article had to change
slightly in its intent. It's no longer about informing readers, but getting them
to act. Judging from Facebook, it seems that everyone knows about the bill and
is ready to denounce it and share the Google petition. But where is the action?

Yesterday, I finally made the call to our two senators, who just a week ago were
included in a list of 61 senators who were refusing to meet with their
constituencies until the vote had passed. It was a vile tactic by people that we
elected to represent us. But calling in yesterday, the thing that surprised me
the most wasn't that they were reconsidering their stances on the bill-it was
that I even got through in the first place.

With so much activity on Facebook in protest, I figured that their phone lines
would be flooded. I honestly didn't even expect to get through, or at least I
expected to be put on hold. With each office I got through in just a couple of
rings. What this tells me is that while people are now aware, informed and
against the bills, they still aren't doing anything. It's so easy to click
"share" after signing a petition, it's another slightly more difficult task to
pick up the phone and voice your opinion.

I strongly urge you to do this. It took me about three minutes total to call
both offices, give them my information, and tell them I wanted my elected
official to vote no. You can do this too.

It's rare in this day and age that we, as a collective society, go against the
will of the powerful. Even more than preserving a free Internet, showing our
collective might is what this is all about. If we can show the politicians that
they can't ignore us, and we show the mainstream media that we don't need them
to spread awareness on issues, then that means we've shown ourselves that we
have that ability. My hope is that this isn't the last time this happens. There
are other unjust bills. If we can overthrow SOPA and PIPA, then we will have
used our muscle, and just like with a human body, the more you use a muscle, the
stronger it becomes. Call your senators right now and voice your opinion on the
matter, whatever it is. Do it right now.

Barrett Lewis is a Traveler Columnist. His column appears every other Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                      Richland Chronicle: Richland College

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Internet censorship threatened

BYLINE: Laura Garsea

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 616 words


Internet censorship threatened

By Laura GarseaOn January 23, 2012TweetPin It Posting a link to a funny clip
from a television show, or a sound bite of your favorite song could be a thing
of the past.

Entertainment executives, like Hollywood filmmakers, claim that the illegal use
of movies, including free downloads, prevents them from receiving revenue and
profits. Ultimately, the industry wants to put a stop to the activity, leading
to the creation of two bills - the Stop Online Privacy Act and the Protect
Intellectual Property Act .

While the main goal of the bills is to eliminate distribution of unpaid content,
one of the largest counters to the proposition is that the bill will increase
the potential for abusive censorship.

The temporary blackout of many major websites last week spotlighted the bills in
protest.

Social networking discussions exploded, with many people puzzled over the sudden
shutdown while others scrambled to find out what the bills are all about.

So what exactly are these bills, and why do they matter to the average web user?

The main point of these bills is to protect the entertainment industry.

Movies, television shows and music are downloaded for free by millions of users
every day through foreign websites that offer the service. The process of
downloading this content for free is called pirating.

Links to unpaid content are spread throughout the Internet through search
engines, blog posts and social media outlets. Because of this, major movie
studios and other entertainment corporations assert that they are losing revenue
and want to stop the content from being accessed for free.

Enter PIPA, which would allow the Federal government to force U.S. Internet
providers to block access to the domain names that are providing the free
content. According to the bill, service providers will need to "take technically
feasible and reasonable measures designed to prevent access by its subscribers
located within the United States to the foreign infringing site."

It would also allow companies to sue websites that provide links to forbidden
domain names. Under PIPA, corporations and the government could also cut off
revenue that streams into the banned websites. Revenue generation methods like
advertising would be forbidden, thus affecting revenue for the advertisers and
the website.

Even those who do not hold themselves accountable to downloading and accessing
unpaid content will still be affected.

Wikipedia is a common website many students use as an instant source of
information. The reason professors advise against using the website is the same
reason that it would be affected - anyone can add information to any page. Thus,
illegal and unpaid content could easily be placed on the site, ultimately
causing the site to be held accountable.

Search engines are also mentioned in the bill. Like Internet providers, search
engines will have to take all feasible steps to prevent the foreign infringing
sites from being directly linked as a result of a search.

To protest the bill, Wikipedia shut down its services for 24 hours last
Wednesday. Other websites also participated in the protest, like Google, which
blacked out their home page logo, aiming to get their frequent users to take
note of the bill and take action.

For or against the bills, it is important that you voice your opinion to your
U.S.

Congress representative as soon as possible. To identify your representative go
to www.writerep.house.gov and enter your zip code. From there, a page will load
where you can locate your representative. For the Richland community, your
congressman is Sam

Johnson. Send him an email regarding your view on the bills.

It only takes a minute to voice your

opinion.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The North Wind: Northern Michigan University

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Money must be taken out of corrupt elections

BYLINE: Aaron Loudenslager

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 743 words


I like to think that I have a lot of power as an American citizen. I can vote
for candidates, write my legislator with concerns and protest government
policies. I even get to y to influence the views of others by writing articles
such as this one. Yet, the money in politics makes me realize that no matter how
hard I y as a citizen, I will never have a comparable amount of political power
equal to that of money.

If American citizens want their voices to uly be heard as I do and not diluted
by the corrupting influence of monetary campaign conibutions, elections must be
publicly financed.Politicians always claim to be populists concerned with the
everyday problems of ordinary Americans. As they campaign for office every
election, they tell us they will fight for us and make sure our collective voice
will be heard. Yet, in every election our political leaders allow the money that
finances their campaigns to dictate their decisions and actions, rather than the
American electorate's votes and concerns.The economic collapse in 2008
highlights the problem of privately funded political campaigns. No American
citizen wanted the economy to fall apart in 2008. People's entire pensions and
life savings and were depleted. Families lost homes due to foreclosure.
Businesses went bankrupt; many just ying to survive the next day by breaking
even.This could have been prevented. The passage of the 1999 Financial
Modernization Act, which repealed the 1933 Glass-Steagall Act, was the main
cause behind the 2008 economic collapse. The 1999 Act removed the provision in
the Glass-Steagall Act that separated investment and commercial banking.Removing
this resiction did nothing to help consumers; it only helped the banking,
insurance and brokerage indusies. This is why these three indusies spent over
$300 million during 1997 and 1998 in campaign conibutions to both political
parties and lobbying efforts to repeal the Glass-Steagall Act.Some politicians
were wise enough to remember the lessons of the Great Depression and saw that
this law was going to create another economic collapse like it. Rep. John
Dingell (D-Michigan) warned on the House floor in 1999 that banks would "become
too big to fail."In 2008, Dingell's warning had become an eerie uth. Commercial
banks had been acquired and merged with other investment banks and insurance
companies. These new financial conglomerates were now too big and interdependent
with each other to be usted with billions of dollars of America's wealth. If one
financial institution ran into financial problems and went bankrupt, the other
financial institutions would be at risk for bankruptcy too. This is exactly what
happened. The biggest financial institutions in America sell and ade financial
derivatives. Derivatives are financial insuments that allow investors to make
speculative bets on anything from simple futures conacts on commodities to more
complex financial insuments such as collateralized debt obligations and
credit-default swaps .Investors bet on different financial derivatives depending
on if they thought the housing market prices would continue to rise or begin to
fall. The problem with those complex financial derivatives like CDOs and CDSs
was that the five biggest banks in the U.S. owned 96 percent of all U.S.
bank-owned derivatives.When the housing market collapsed in 2008, financial
derivatives like CDOs and CDSs imploded in value. This meant that the biggest
banks were losing most of its money, if not going bankrupt like Lehman Brothers.
Now that the banks were interdependent, this meant the whole financial system
was at risk.The banks had lobbied for the repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act to
become bigger and make more money. Banks reached their goal. In the process,
they desoyed the global economy and took billions of dollars in hard earned
taxpayer money to remain financially solvent.This is simply one example showing
the supremacy of monetary campaign conibutions over the voice and needs of the
American people. If one looks around, you will see this phenomenon over and over
again.We have great powers as American citizens to change the political
landscape of this couny. At the same time, the political landscape will never
uly represent the will and needs of the American people without publicly
financed elections. With privately financed elections, millions of dollars in
campaign conibutions will always have more political clout than a citizen's dire
needs.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Argus: Illinois Wesleyan University

                           January 21, 2012 Saturday

Blackout forces students to imagine life without Facebook

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 753 words


By Chris Francis, Editor-in-Chief

This past Wednesday, Jan. 18, several of the internet's most successful sites,
sporting immense visitor volumes, "blacked out" for 24 hours.

Google's ubiquitous multi-colored logo, known for whimsically changing to
reflect seasons, holidays and current events, censored itself with a large,
black bar. Wikipedia shut down all of its English pages, dooming students'
research attempts. WordPress, the popular blog-posting site, obscured the text
on its front page with black bars, "censored" written across each text field.

This blackout was not due to any server failure or power outage, but was, in
fact, a protest organized by the internet giants to fight against the twin bills
currently under consideration in Congress: the Stop Online Piracy Act and the
Protect Intellectual Property Act .

The acts were created in the spirit of protecting intellectual property , as
claimed by their supporters.

Generally supported by major IP owners such as the Motion Picture Association of
America, each bill alone allows IP holders to quickly and harshly shut down any
internet site found to contain the unlicensed spread of copyrighted materials
without any court trial or verdict.

The intention of this corporate power is to put a stop to piracy as soon as it
starts and deter its return.

But those who oppose SOPA and PIPA-the sites participating in the blackout,
along with other service-providers on the internet-believe that the broad
wording of the bill will give too much power to large corporate IP owners.

These corporations would then potentially have the power to unceremoniously
close down Youtube, Facebook, Imgur, or any other site with user-created
content.

"The overly broad provisions we've seen in the pending SOPA and PIPA bills could
be used to target legitimate U.S. sites and chill innovation at a time when it
is needed most," said Zynga, a popular browser game host and developer, in its
official statement on the bills.

These two bills are the cause for battle among countless legislators and
lobbyists who argue over the artistic, constitutional, and economic
ramifications if either is passed.

The main focus of the blackout, however, was to emphasize the effect on the
average internet-user's life.

Each of the blacked-out sites made a point to explain to their users the
possibility of its disappearance or radical change should either bill pass. The
useful services that many depend on would be gone, along with the jobs and
advertisement revenue created by the services.

For some Illinois Wesleyan University students, this is only a shallow
evaluation of the issue, though. "Most people don't really understand," said
senior computer science major Jordyn Maglalang, a member of the Association of
Computing Machinery on campus."They think it's just about losing a convenient
service, but there's more to it than that."

"It's basically corporate fascism," said junior political science major Katie
Rose Brosnan.

The same ideas are expressed by active SOPA/PIPA protesters throughout the
internet. Wikipedia's "blackout" page stated, "The U.S. Congress is considering
legislation that could fatally damage the free and open Internet."

Although the bills still maintained a significant amount of support before this
week, the blackout seems to have already dissuaded some powerful forces.
Directly preceding the blackout, while Google and others warned of their
impending protest, the White House directly threatened to veto SOPA and PIPA if
the legislation was not revised.

Texas representative Lamar Smith, who first introduced the bill in the House,
was not fazed. "This publicity stunt does a disservice to its users by promoting
fear instead of facts," he said on Tuesday, the day before the blackout.
"Perhaps during the blackout, Internet users can look elsewhere for an accurate
definition of online piracy."

Despite Smith's resolve, SOPA/PIPA may be losing the momentum they carried
before this week. Nevertheless, those on campus who are against the legislation
still worry and continue to urge students to become involved in meaningful ways.

"Our student body is widely uninformed and the fact that there has been very
little talk around campus about these bills until this last week helps support
my concerns," Maglalang said of the need for students to comprehend the issue.

As of now, the SOPA has been shelved, to be voted upon at an unspecified "later
date," while PIPA will finally come to a vote in the Senate on Jan. 24. All of
the internet will hold its breath.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Hillsdale Collegian: Hillsdale College

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Scrawlings bash government

BYLINE: Roxanne Turnbull

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 320 words


When Brian Ricketts moved out of the building his business could no longer
afford, he left behind a spray-painted protest against big government.

Yor Hair owner Brian Ricketts was forced to give up his location on West Carlton
Road for a much smaller one on West Street when his financial overhead became
too great to retain a profit.

The vacated building on Carlton now reads, "Big Government Broke This Small
Business" in red, white, and blue spray paint. Police confirmed that no reports
of vandalism had been filed, suggesting someone from the business left the
message.

"That's my message up there because that is what happened," said Ricketts, who
lost many employees in the economic downturn. "I like to hire people, and I
can't do that anymore."

Ricketts said that a combination of former employees quitting their jobs to
claim unemployment benefits and penalties given by the state forced him to
transfer ownership of the building to the bank.

Junior Ian Blodger frequented Yor Hair in the past and noticed when he arrived
back after Winter Break that the busi- ness was no longer at its usual location.

"I was disappointed," Blodger said. "I thought it was an advertising thing at
first. It's just sad because you see a lot of small businesses close down."

Blodger said that small businesses such as Yor Hair offer personal service that
distinguishes them from larger chains.

"It was cheaper than other places," Blodger said. "Everybody was really
friendly, and the haircut was good. Brian also likes to provide discounts to
people in local job positions. He likes to help out the community."

Ultimately, Ricketts said, that is what the message on his building is about,
even though the city wants him to remove it by Jan. 26.

"Let's make Michigan a great state for small businesses," Ricketts said. "We
want to make Hillsdale a great place. I'm pro-community."

Ricketts is now working at 130 N. West St. with three employees.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Hillsdale Collegian: Hillsdale College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

149 Students march for life, solidarity, hope

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 663 words


After 20 hours of driving on buses, $4,000 of fundraising, three sleepless
nights, and a failed engine, the Hillsdale College students who demonstrated at
March for Life last weekend said they do not expect to see any policy changes.

"We've been marching since 1974. But how much change has occurred?" said March
for Life coordinator, junior Eric DeMeuse.

Instead, DeMeuse said the protest is an affirmation of hope.

"We go based on solidarity rooted in hope," he said. "We may not see the fruit,
but we hope for it."

One hundred ninety-four students traveled on three busloads Sunday night to join
an estimated 200,000 protesters in Washington, D.C., for the 39th annual march.
Another 98 people were involved in prayer back on campus during the march,
including Dean of Women Diane Philipp and Michael Murray, executive director of
career services.

All in all the effort united more than 10 percent of campus.

Hillsdale's Students for Life raised $4,000 for the event and Student Federation
representatives allocated $1,000 to the event - this year.

"Student Federation's support is a testament to how much the college is
supporting the event," DeMeuse said.

The event began at noon when protesters gathered on the national mall to hear
members of Congress, pastors, and pro-life leaders deliver two-minute speeches
over loud speakers.

The Hillsdale group assembled in the pouring rain around a white and blue banner
in front of the Smithsonian museum of natural history. The Hillsdale group was
one of many clusters arrayed under banners and flags like tribes, ranging from a
group under a "Ron Paul is Pro-life" flag to 100 protesters with a "Yoopers for
Life" banner.

The Speaker of the House Rep. John Boehner (R-Ohio) was among those to address
the thousands of pro-life activists.

"With your help, this bipartisan majority is standing up for life and working to
restore the damage of Roe v. Wade," he said.

After 1 p.m., the crowd shuffled toward Constitution Avenue en route to the
supreme court building with a kaleidoscope of thousands of umbrellas, hoods, and
signs to help them endure the steady drizzle.

An estimated 50 counter-protesters waited in front of the supreme court.

Following the march, Hillsdale students packed into the Alan P. Kirby Center for
Constitutional Studies and Citizenship, in order to hear Rep. Jeff Fortenberry
(R-Neb.) speak.

"[Abortion] is a great wound in the soul of America," Fortenberry said. "The
march gives us strength. We draw from that in order to change the law and the
culture."

After a day of pouring rain and non-stop events, Hillsdale students headed home,
only to have one of the three buses break down at 10:30 p.m., stranding nearly
50 students on the side of a Pennsylvania road.

The group's chaperones decided to turn the remaining buses around and divide the
luggage and passengers between them. This left nearly 20 students cramped on the
bus floor for much of the 10-hour trip back to Hillsdale Monday night.

Marianna Ernst, a junior from Minnesota, said she attended this year for the
first time in order to find encouragement for her pro-life beliefs.

"It's important for me to look around and see how many people care. It motivates
me to tell people about it," she said.

However, she was less optimistic about the immediate effect of the protest.

"Right now, this is not being covered by the media. Until everyone sees the
movement and understands, we won't be making any progress in America."

"If you change even one person's opinion, slowly, you can change the law," said
Mandy Smith, who said her mother chose to have her in high school instead of
getting an abortion.

But senior Garrett Wells from Wisconsin said he endured the trip to strengthen
his personal faith, instead of expecting to see legal change.

"When I'm coming here, I'm not necessarily expecting any changes in the short
run," he said. "We as humans cannot know all the implications of this march. We
just have to put our faith in God that we're having some effect."

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The McGill Tribune: McGill University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

The McGill Tribune AUS GA to vote on joining CLASSE

BYLINE: Erica Friesen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 242 words


On Jan. 27, approximately 100 university and CEGEP students created a human
barricade outside the Montreal offices of the Ministry of Education to protest
the Quebec government's proposed tuition fee hikes. The protest was organized by
the Coalition Large de l'Association pour une Solidarité Syndicale Étudiante
(CLASSE), a temporary coalition of student associations. McGill students may
vote to join this coalition in the AUS General Assembly on Jan. 31.

In addition to the vote to join CLASSE, other GA motions, if passed, would aim
to make the AUS eligible to do so. For example, CLASSE requires that the AUS
take an official position in favour of free education and against all tuition
increases.

The motions were submitted by members of the Mobilization Committee (Mob Squad),
an organization dedicated to combating inequity and defending accessible
education.

Kevin Paul, U3 arts student and member of the Mob Squad, said that the benefits
of joining the Quebec-wide student movement would be worth the extra steps
required to become eligible. (Full disclosure: Kevin Paul is a contributor to
the Tribune's opinion section.)

"The government does not negotiate with individual student associations from one
university, but it will negotiate with a coalition representing tens of
thousands of students [who] are acting collectively," Paul said. "[It] means
that when CLASSE negotiates with the government, the interests of McGill Arts
students will be

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Argus: Illinois Wesleyan University

                           January 21, 2012 Saturday

Blackout forces students to imagine life without Facebook

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 752 words


By Chris Francis, Editor-in-ChiefThis past Wednesday, Jan. 18, several of the
internet's most successful sites, sporting immense visitor volumes, "blacked
out" for 24 hours.Google's ubiquitous multi-colored logo, known for whimsically
changing to reflect seasons, holidays and current events, censored itself with a
large, black bar. Wikipedia shut down all of its English pages, dooming
students' research attempts. WordPress, the popular blog-posting site, obscured
the text on its front page with black bars, "censored" written across each text
field.This blackout was not due to any server failure or power outage, but was,
in fact, a protest organized by the internet giants to fight against the twin
bills currently under consideration in Congress: the Stop Online Piracy Act and
the Protect Intellectual Property Act .The acts were created in the spirit of
protecting intellectual property , as claimed by their supporters.Generally
supported by major IP owners such as the Motion Picture Association of America,
each bill alone allows IP holders to quickly and harshly shut down any internet
site found to contain the unlicensed spread of copyrighted materials without any
court ial or verdict.The intention of this corporate power is to put a stop to
piracy as soon as it starts and deter its return.But those who oppose SOPA and
PIPA-the sites participating in the blackout, along with other service-providers
on the internet-believe that the broad wording of the bill will give too much
power to large corporate IP owners.These corporations would then potentially
have the power to unceremoniously close down Youtube, Facebook, Imgur, or any
other site with user-created content."The overly broad provisions we've seen in
the pending SOPA and PIPA bills could be used to target legitimate U.S. sites
and chill innovation at a time when it is needed most," said Zynga, a popular
browser game host and developer, in its official statement on the bills.These
two bills are the cause for battle among countless legislators and lobbyists who
argue over the artistic, constitutional, and economic ramifications if either is
passed.The main focus of the blackout, however, was to emphasize the effect on
the average internet-user's life.Each of the blacked-out sites made a point to
explain to their users the possibility of its disappearance or radical change
should either bill pass.

The useful services that many depend on would be gone, along with the jobs and
advertisement revenue created by the services.For some Illinois Wesleyan
University students, this is only a shallow evaluation of the issue, though.
"Most people don't really understand," said senior computer science major Jordyn
Maglalang, a member of the Association of Computing Machinery on campus."They
think it's just about losing a convenient service, but there's more to it than
that.""It's basically corporate fascism," said junior political science major
Katie Rose Brosnan.The same ideas are expressed by active SOPA/PIPA protesters
throughout the internet. Wikipedia's "blackout" page stated, "The U.S. Congress
is considering legislation that could fatally damage the free and open
Internet."Although the bills still maintained a significant amount of support
before this week, the blackout seems to have already dissuaded some powerful
forces. Directly preceding the blackout, while Google and others warned of their
impending protest, the White House directly threatened to veto SOPA and PIPA if
the legislation was not revised.Texas representative Lamar Smith, who first
inoduced the bill in the House, was not fazed. "This publicity stunt does a
disservice to its users by promoting fear instead of facts," he said on Tuesday,
the day before the blackout. "Perhaps during the blackout, Internet users can
look elsewhere for an accurate definition of online piracy."Despite Smith's
resolve, SOPA/PIPA may be losing the momentum they carried before this week.
Nevertheless, those on campus who are against the legislation still worry and
continue to urge students to become involved in meaningful ways."Our student
body is widely uninformed and the fact that there has been very little talk
around campus about these bills until this last week helps support my concerns,"
Maglalang said of the need for students to comprehend the issue.As of now, the
SOPA has been shelved, to be voted upon at an unspecified "later date," while
PIPA will finally come to a vote in the Senate on Jan. 24. All of the internet
will hold its breath.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             The California Aggie: University of California - Davis

                             January 9, 2012 Monday

UC Berkeley initiates Middle-Class Access Plan

SECTION: CITY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 454 words


Student protests over the past three years have called for the University of
California system to lower, freeze or cap tuition prices. UC Berkeley is the
first UC to respond.

In Fall 2012, UC Berkeley will implement the Middle-Class Access Plan . This
plan will cap tuition costs for families who make between $80,000 and $140,000
annually at 15 percent of their household income.

The MCAP is the first initiative of its kind to have taken place at a public
university. Several private universities such as Harvard, Wellesley and
Princeton have capped tuition for families making under $200,000 at 10 percent
of their income or limited the after-graduation debt of those students to less
than $15,000.

Berkeley's chancellor, Robert Birgeneau, announced the plan at a press
conference last month, explaining that it seeks to assist middle class families
who make too much to qualify for federal and state aid but make too little to
pay for tuition considering California's high cost of living.

"We see early signs that middle-income families who cannot access existing
assistance programs are straining to meet college costs," he said. "We feel
strongly that we need to sustain and expand access across the socioeconomic
spectrum."

Birgeneau stated that the additional funds needed to subsidize the plan will be
raised through increased philanthropy and greater admittance of out-of-state
students, who pay $22,878 more per year than resident students. The 15 percent
cap will apply to out-of-state students, but will not cover the nonresident
surcharge they pay.

California may soon be addressing the issue as well. Last week, Assemblymember
Jim Beall (D-San Jose) introduced AB 1441, legislation that will give
middle-class families a $2,000 tax credit for college-related expenses per
student.

Beall accredited the legislation to the 2011 University of California Annual
Accountability Report's findings that "UC tuition and fees have increased 32
percent in inflation-adjusted dollars during the past decade. At the same time,
the proportion of students from low- and high-income families has grown, while
the proportion of middle-income families has declined.''

Beall said that despite the fact that lower income families making under $80,000
are not the only ones that need aid, they are the only ones who receive it.

"I think our middle-class families need help too, and that's why I'm moving AB
1441. I stand with the thousands of California parents and their children who
know a college education is their ticket to prosperity but it's now out of
reach," Beall said.

UC Davis administration officials declined to comment on whether or not a plan
like this lies in UC Davis' horizon.

SARA ISLAS can be reached at city@theaggie.org

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 348 DOCUMENTS


           The State Hornet: California State University - Sacramento

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Faculty weighing options on possible strike

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 610 words


Faculty at Sacramento State convened on Thursday followingPresident Alexander
Gonzalez's spring address to discuss the stateof labor negotiations with the
California State University systemand the possibility of striking.

The update was presented by the California Faculty Association,a union focused
on protecting the rights of faculty employed by theCSU. The CFA is in the
process of negotiating with the CSU overchanges to its successor contract, which
dictates policiesregarding pay, benefits and academic freedom.

The meeting's purpose was to recruit members for a "strikeorganizing team,"
which would plan out the details behind possibleupcoming faculty protest. The
team discussed political figures theycould ellicit support from, including
centrally-located AssemblymanRichard Pan, D-Sacramento, a legislator with an
office at SacState.

"This semester is going to be about spreading the word to otherfaculty," said
Lois Boulgarides, kinesiology professor and CFAmember. "We're building a web
that we hope will grow. Our movementis really going to need input from the
faculty."

The reason CFA is allowed to go on strike is not their successorcontract, but
the reopened salary negotiations from last year. Inthese negotiations, the CFA
proposed a 1 percent raise for facultythis year, next year and the year
following, and associateprofessors receive the back pay promised in the
2008-09contract.

"Based on the severe cuts in state support to the CSU system, itjust was not
appropriate to award millions to a small group offaculty," said Erik Fallis, CSU
spokesman. "If it were to beawarded, the burden would have to fall on students.
There is notenough money in the CSU to cover a gap like that."

The two sides went through the entire contract bargainingprocess without coming
to an agreement. Eventually, the CSU putforth its final offer - that salaries
remain unchanged - allowingthe CFA to legally conduct concerted actions.

"They plead poverty, but the operating budget of the CSU isactually the same as
it was in 2007-08, because they have raisedstudent tuition," said Jason Conwell,
regional staff representativefor Sacramento's chapter of the CFA. "We're asking
for a smallpercentage of their budget to go to faculty members that werepromised
money."

Last semester the CFA conducted its first series of concertedactions, picketing
at CSUs, including Sac State, and gatheringfaculty to strike at CSU Dominguez
Hills and CSU East Bay on Nov.17.

"My disappointment is that after putting two campuses throughdisruption - the
CFA in the same week walked away from bargainingtable," Fallis said. "That
seemed to send a mixed signal."

The CFA brought the negotiation to California's PublicEmployment Relations Board
to request an impasse - bringingcontract bargaining to mediation, which means
the state provides anappointed individual to work with both sides to bring them
to anagreement.

If the two sides continue to disagree, the negotiations will goto a fact-finding
committee. If the sides choose not to follow thefact-finder's recommendation,
then the employer, or the CSU in thiscase, must impose a final, best offer. If
the CFA were to refuse,it could legally take action based on the successor
contract.

"If we go on strike on the issues laid out in the successorcontract, it's not
going to be about money. It's going to be aboutour rights to teach," Boulgarides
said. "That's something facultycan definitely get behind."

The CFA's strike organizing team will meet three times a monthto continue to
strategize. Boulgarides said she is confidentconcerted actions could be done
"without disrupting students."

Brett Johnson can be reached at news@statehornet.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  Independent Collegian: University of Toledo

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

I have a Toledo dream

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 630 words


Martin Luther King, Jr. died 43 years ago, but the mark he left on the world
transcends time. Today, Toledoans can still hear his voice resonating through
the racial injustice and discrimination that darkened his era. Since his youth,
King challenged how things were, but he went beyond the mere stage of
questioning by giving speeches, attending boycotts and organizing other events
to forward his goals.

King was a huge proponent of using nonviolence to achieve peace. From Albany to
Birmingham, he would organize marches and sit-ins to get his point across. The
reaction to his protests would attract media coverage, as police officers
arrested and used attack dogs to unsuccessfully maintain control over the city.
Eventually, public sympathy was on King's side, and this boosted support for his
tactics. Following the end of his Birmingham campaign, his public reputation
improved, the Jim Crow signs in Birmingham disappeared and the area was less
discriminatory.

If change could affect Birmingham, it can arise in Toledo. King's campaigns were
proof that nonviolent means could be used to stir change. Despite the threat of
attack dogs, being wiretapped by the FBI, sleeping away nights in jail, and
regular threats from opponents, King resisted and refused anything but change,
saying, "A man who won't die for something is not fit to live." The life he
lived - or didn't live as a sacrifice to bring about racial equality - was
testimony to his words. He wasn't like most public figures in that he spoke but
didn't take action. He organized events and arranged his life by everything he
stood for.

It seems that everything King fought for is being forgotten as crime soars and
Toledo becomes comparable to Detroit. What the city really needs is someone
that's willing to commit (not to rip off Obama's campaign) to the idea of
change. Someone who, like King, is dedicated to their word and constantly works
to overcome what others believe is a pointless cause.

King was not just well-known as a man of inspirational word, but a man of
action. He never accepted or settled for what he did not believe. Of just
blindly accepting things, he said, "He who passively accepts evil is as much
involved in it as he who helps to perpetrate it. He who accepts evil without
protesting against it is really cooperating with it." How long have Toledo
residents stood witness to the failing of Toledo public schools?

In Toledo, shootings occur almost constantly, and the police are open ears to
anyone that can provide insight into past crimes. Youth are attracted to the
gang lifestyle, and few see little opportunity or escape from the cycle of
poverty. Last month, according to an article by The Blade, an 81-year-old woman
mistaken as someone else, was shot while watching television.

The youth in the neighborhoods where this is happening need to know there's a
way out. They need to know there's something better awaiting their futures, and
they need to know there are better alternatives worth pursuing. They need to
fall asleep knowing there's someone - there's a community out there - that
hasn't abandoned them. They need not be cradled by the sounds of gunshots, but
by the echoes of words promising hope.

One solution the mayor and chief are requesting to help: more recreational
activities. Public pools used to be a form of entertainment, but the last few
summers, they've been gated and graffiti decorates the concrete surrounding
them. These restless teenagers turn to the streets for something to do, but if
there was another opportunity, something else affordable and within distance,
then maybe it'd help. King's events and the speeches he gave all started out as
a dream, as a vision. And with a little community outreach, a better Toledo
doesn't have to be a just a dream.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The Tartan: Carnegie Mellon University

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Cookies support Girl Scouts, LGBT rights

BYLINE: Courtney Wittekind

SECTION: FORUM; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 429 words


With spring comes an assortment of seasonal icons - soft rains, blooming
flowers, and (eventually) warmer weather. But the best of these seasonal markers
are those that are edible: fall ushers in the pumpkin pie, winter brings the
sale of candy canes, and spring marks Girl Scout cookies and their
ever-cheerful, badge-bearing band of young marketers. This year, however, in
addition to a sweet tooth, I'll be counting gender equality as my motivation for
tracking down extra boxes of Thin Mints come spring.

While the Girl Scout cookie has long faced opposition from those concerned with
health, the cookie faces a tougher, more politically charged battle this year.
The Girl Scouts of America have been bombarded by protests in response to a
Colorado troop's October decision to admit a 7-year-old transgender child into
its troop. Bobby Montoya was born with male genitalia, but has identified as
female since age two. Yet when the request came to join the local Girl Scouts
chapter, panic broke out. Initially, the Girl Scouts of Colorado rejected Bobby,
but after a national outcry, it reversed its decision and stated in a press
release, "If a child identifies as a girl and the child's family presents her as
a girl, Girl Scouts of Colorado welcomes her as a Girl Scout."

The decision to admit a transgender child quickly sparked an uprising,
especially among conservative groups. Most prominently featured in the media is
the response of a 14-year-old Californian Girl Scout who represents a group
calling itself honestgirlscouts.com. In a video posted on YouTube, the girl
calls for a complete boycott of Girl Scout cookie purchases during this year's
sales. The girl then invites fellow scouts and other supporters to visit the
group's website, which features accusations of the Girl Scouts of America's
"liberal-progressive" beliefs which, in addition to supporting LGBT rights, also
evidently approves of abortion rights, Planned Parenthood, and radical activism.

With this swell of controversy descending just as Girl Scouts nationwide kick
off their cookie campaigns, cookie sales will certainly be pointed to as proof
of how the Girl Scouts should deal with issues of gender equality and acceptance
in the future. I, for one, would hate to see cookie sales drop this year.
Instead, I encourage those who support the Girl Scouts' decision to buy as many
cookies as they can fit in their cupboards - because who doesn't like the sweet
taste of victory?

You can find the closest cookie sales to your location via the Girl Scouts'
"Cookie Finder" at girlscoutcookies.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             Daily Californian: University of California - Berkeley

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday

Weekly Recap: Episode One (Jan. 15 - Jan. 22)

BYLINE: Cecilia Wong

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 94 words


Welcome to the first episode of the "Weekly Recap", narrated by Photo Editor
Kevin Foote. This video covers the first week of school and all its happenings:

-Bookstores were crowded with students buying books.
-Bus passes were distributed.
-It started raining Thursday (Jan. 19).
-Occupy Cal rally at noon on Sproul on Thursday (Jan. 19)
-Occupy Cal slept over at the Anthropology library to protest against reduced
library hours on Thursday (Jan. 19).
-Cal women's basketball game vs. Washington on Thursday (Jan. 19).
-Recology Center in SF: Art Show on Friday (Jan. 20).

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                University Chronicle: St Cloud State University

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday

Editorial: the Chronicle's blackout against SOPA and PIPA

BYLINE: Molly Willms

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 553 words


TweetEmailTweetEmail

As many of you may have noticed, the University Chronicle website was down for
24 hours this week.

For once, it wasn't a source of frustration for us: it was a planned blackout,
part of a mass internet protest of anti-piracy legislation that would affect
freedom of expression on the Internet.

When we first heard of the Web-wide protest, we wrestled with whether or not to
join. Personal feelings aside, we are a news organization first. Our job is not
to take sides or campaign for political causes outside our editorial page.

We eventually decided to participate for one reason: we believe in the role of
the press as a servant to its audience. The news media often mistakes neutrality
as objectivity, and in this case we felt that neutrality - or inaction - is in
fact biased.

The (now killed) Stop Online Piracy Act and the Preventing Real Online Threats
to Economic Creativity and Theft of Intellectual Property Act, or SOPA and PIPA,
were bills allegedly intended to protect against copyright infringement and
piracy on the internet.

Their wording was so vague that, essentially, they gave the government power to
shut down any website with user-submitted content (even a comment on a post)
that used copyright material.

In other words, YouTube could be shut down when an incriminating video of police
brutality is circulating because one of the millions of users quoted a
copyrighted work in one of millions of comments.

This legislation was a major threat to the way we communicate in this day and
age. It was supported by major corporations and media companies and, presumably,
those senators paid by corporations.

Objectivity, neutrality, fairness and equal time are all arguably the ethics of
journalists.

At the end of the day, when there's legislation on the table that threatens the
freedom of the people it's supposed to protect, it's our duty to spread the word
and make sure citizens know the score.

This legislation was designed to give the government more power.

In this time of civil unrest at home and the world over, the last thing we need
is for a country founded on the concept of freedom and government
responsibility, a beacon of free speech and a world superpower, to be muzzled by
government. How can the U.S., who condemns the internet censorship enforced by
China and Iran, pass an act that would effectively enact the same policies?

A free press goes both ways, we have protection under the first amendment to
speak freely.

The way we see it, freedom comes with the charge that the press has to protect
the free speech of the people.

It may be the Senate's job to act on behalf of their corporate campaign donors,
but it's the press' job to protect the people it serves.

As long as the Chronicle avoids being owned by a major corporation, we'll take
the stands other newspapers can't take for that reason.

SOPA and PIPA have since been killed, but similar bills are cropping up in
Europe and there will surely be a reworded dopplegänger on the floor soon. Keep
your eyes open for legislation that threatens our right to communicate. An
upcoming international agreement called the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement
is another proposal that could potentially threaten the freedom and free speech
of people internationally.

Without a free press and free speech, there is no democracy.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The McGill Tribune: McGill University

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

The McGill Tribune Jutras report must be the start, not the end

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 617 words


It would be all too easy to ignore the events of Nov. 10 at the start of a new
semester. Dean Jutras' report on the events of Nov. 10 was released to the
general public on Dec. 15, just in time for most students to want to forget
about the entire semester entirely.

Given the fact that the relationship between the students and the administration
is lacking in trust after the events of last semester, the McGill administration
ideally should have assigned a third party to conduct a parallel comprehensive
investigation. It is equally unfortunate that those conducting the independent
student inquiry (released Dec. 1) didn't have access to relevant security video
footage. However, we were pleasantly surprised by Jutras's in-depth
investigation, which consisted of dozens of interviews and thoughtful (albeit
vague) recommendations for the administration and McGill Security. Despite his
position within the university, Jutras presented an unbiased account of the
events. It should be noted that Jutras's report and the independent student
inquiry reached similar conclusions regarding the order of events. The
he-said-she-said debate may continue in some circles, but we view this report
and the independent student inquiry and their recommendations to be solid
launching points for further discussion on the university's reform.

This dialogue must consider the following:

McGill's priority must be to ensure the physical protection of its students and
staff, as well as the protection of the right to peaceful assembly and protest.
The university must create a clear framework for dealing with similar incidents
in the future. The protocol should include calling the police as a final resort,
only when it is clear that McGill Security cannot contain a situation that
threatens the well-being of students, its staff, or a the destruction of
university property. Trespassing by students desiring to occupy rooms should
not, in the majority of cases, call for any police involvement. Often the best
security response is one of tolerance and patience-a policy of administrators
granting an audience to grievance and a means of assuring no student or security
guard is harmed in any confrontations. The Montreal police have shown
practically no interest in responding to the events of Nov. 10, and their track
record suggests that they could act in a comparable manner if given similar
circumstances, so it's particularly important that McGill Security and students
develop a better working relationship.

Many students cited a lack of transparency and consultation on the part of the
administration as a reason for their discontent. This was particularly striking
when no emergency email was sent to students to warn them of impending police
involvement on campus-something the university was more than capable of doing in
a few minutes. A student wishing to make his way back from the library deserves
to be warned that he could face a cavalcade of riot police en route. Any further
discussion and decision-making regarding this event, and concerning the creation
of guidelines for future approaches to similar situations, must therefore
involve more student inclusion. Emergency responses must to be sent out to give
due warning to students wishing to avoid fogs of tear gas.

The comprehensive research of the Jutras report means we can now move past the
speculation surrounding the specific events of Nov. 10 and debate the meaning of
events with more clarity at the Senate this Wednesday, which, in a fitting
spirit of transparency, is being streamed live online. The Jutras report must be
the beginning, not the end, of a purposeful dialogue set on improving how the
university responds in times of crisis.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  Western Courier: Western Illinois University

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

SOPA could sink Internet pirates

BYLINE: Beth Clothier

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 547 words


Beth Clothier
January 19, 2012
Filed under Opinions

If, like the millions of other college students across the United States, you
use the Internet on a frequent basis, chances are that you have heard of the
Stop Online Piracy Act, or SOPA. If you haven't, whether it's because you don't
frequent the same websites I do, or because you've had your head in the ground,
this bill, according to CNN, "aims to crack down on copyright infringement by
restricting access to sites that host pirated content."

This may bring the Napster kerfuffle to mind at first, should you be old enough
to remember those first heady days when online music piracy was in its beginning
stages. However, this act aims to go much farther than just shutting down a site
here and there.

No, what SOPA means to do is at the very least prevent all search engines from
allowing pirating websites such as The Pirate Bay, which is housed off of
American soil, to turn up in search results, effectively cutting us off from
areas of the Internet. Then there's the issue of sites like YouTube. With users
uploading tons of videos that are not fully of their own creation, meaning both
audio and visual aspects, the website would effectively "go dark."

Blogging sites like Tumblr would also face similar problems due to the high rate
of video, audio, photo and animation posts that usually populate its pages.
Basically, the Internet as we know it would face radical changes.

The bill has sparked something of a war between two big powers, namely Hollywood
and Silicon Valley. Media companies such as Time Warner and the Motion Picture
Association of America are throwing their support behind the bill, while
websites like Google and Facebook registered complaints against the legislation,
basically stating that "the bills as drafted would expose law-abiding U.S.
Internet and technology companies to new uncertain liabilities and mandates that
would require monitoring of websites," according to CNN. This would make those
who run sites like YouTube and Tumblr responsible for the content placed on
their sites, regardless of who uploaded it.

I agree that protecting intellectual property is important, though having to
wait six months for the next series of Sherlock to come stateside would
certainly be a drag.

However, I can't help but feel that this bill is aiming to go too far by
removing from our own grasp the choice whether or not to participate in this
activity. It may seem a small thing at first, trying to prevent piracy, but it's
really just another step on the slippery slope that is the government's
continuous removal of civil liberties.

In order to protest this legislature, several websites will be "going dark"
today to demonstrate what the Internet might be like should SOPA be enacted.
According to MSNBC, Wikipedia and Reddit are taking part in the blackout, as are
WordPress, Imgur, Tumblr, Mozilla and Minecraft. Google will not go dark, but is
adding a link on its homepage to provide visitors with information regarding the
legislation.

If you've ever wondered what a world without these websites would look like, and
how it might affect your daily life, tomorrow will be your chance.

After all, it's one thing to give the Internet up of your own accord. It's quite
another to have it taken away from you.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The Tartan: Carnegie Mellon University

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Lecture Previews

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 456 words


How to Use Your Eyes, and How Some Animals Use Their Eyes

Monday at 5:15 p.m.

Breed Hall (Margaret Morrison 103)

As part of the Victor M. Bearg Science and Humanities Scholars Speaker Series,
James Elkins will deliver an informal lecture on vision and how it is studied
from a humanities perspective.

Elkins' lecture will include discussion about some types of vision that humans
do not have - such as infrared and compound vision - and about how vision is
used in art.

Elkins is an art historian and critic who writes about images used artistically
and otherwise.

He is currently the E.C. Chadbourne professor in the department of art history,
theory, and criticism at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago.

An Automata-Theoretic Model of Programming Languages

Monday at 3:30 p.m.

Gates Hillman Complex 9115

Uday S. Reddy will deliver a talk about a new model of programming languages
inspired by automata-theoretic concepts.

In the model, objects are viewed as automata, described from the outside by
their observed behaviors, and internally as state transformations.

Reddy will discuss the model's connections to previous models and to demonstrate
the efficacy of the model by proving test equivalences.

Reddy is a professor of computer science at the University of Birmingham. His
research focuses on the areas of programming with state and linear logic, among
others.

AB Lectures: The Onion

Monday at 6 p.m.

McConomy Auditorium

Members of the award-winning satirical newspaper The Onion will visit Carnegie
Mellon to discuss what makes good satirical writing.

The Onion has been in print since its inception as a University of
Wisconsin-Madison student paper in 1988. Its online version has won 21 Webby
Awards.

Some of The Onion's most well-known articles include "Black Man Given Nation's
Worst Job," which covered the election of President Barack Obama, and "Drugs Win
Drug War," originally published in print during The Onion's time as a student
newspaper, which mocked the War on Drugs.

School of Art Spring Lecture Series: Wafaa Bilal

Tuesday at 5 p.m.

Kresge Theatre

Wafaa Bilal, an assistant art professor at New York University's Tisch School of
the Arts, will deliver a lecture about his work.

Bilal's brother was killed in a drone attack in Al Kufa, Iraq, and he fled the
country in 1991.

He came to the United States after spending two years in refugee camps.

Much of Bilal's art aims to protest and shed light on violence and casualties in
Iraq.

Bilal is also known for using his body in his art.

In 2010, Bilal had a map of Iraq, with the number of Iraqi and U.S. casualties,
tattooed on his back.

For Bilal's current project, he had a camera surgically implanted into the back
of his head. The camera transmits images to the web 24 hours a day.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                       University Press: Lamar University

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

Online piracy battle paused

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 499 words


On Jan. 18, Web sites such as Google, Wikipedia and Reddit participated in a
Web-based protest against two anti-piracy bills, the House of Representative's
Stop Online Piracy Act - SOPA, and the Senate's Protect Intellectual Property
Act - PIPA. The protesting sites encouraged visitors to complain to lawmakers
about the bills.

Both of the proposed bills are aimed to target two things - Web sites that help
people transfer copyrighted content or sites selling counterfeit goods. Most
piracy sites are based overseas and these bills will demand American service
providers to block all domains to those sites, Larry Elliott, Lamar
communication law professor, said. Critics say the bills will allow the
government to sue sites like Google and Facebook, forcing them to remove links
to piracy sites. The new legislation will hold sites liable for their users'
activities. Wikipedia states that more than 8 million visitors used the site's
zip code tool to look up their elected representatives. Kevin Brady, U.S.
Congressman for Texas' 8th said he does not support SOPA as it's written.
"There's no doubt that selling pirated American products through foreign Web
sites is very real and very damaging to American jobs," he said in an email
interview. "It's theft, pure and simple. But I'm not convinced SOPA finds the
right balance between stopping this theft and ensuring freedom of speech on the
Internet. There has to be a better way." Since the media boycott, many Senators
have withdrawn their support for the bill. Senator Harry Reid announced Jan. 20
that the Senate would delay the Jan. 24 vote on PIPA due to recent events. Sixty
votes are needed for the Senate to pass the bill and as of Jan. 20, according to
propublica.org, 31 members support PIPA, 22 oppose, 15 are leaning towards no
and 32 are unknown. Lamar Smith, judiciary committee chairman, said the panel
will resume deliberations on SOPA this month. "I don't think that Congress has
given up on protecting copyrights of people who produce intellectual property,
but they fell back this time," Elliott said. "They claim that US law already
protects copyright holders and that they're trying to block foreign stealing of
intellectual property. One thing that allegedly America has, even though the
economy is getting smaller, is that they produce a lot of creative stuff that
people want. So it's probably important to keep other countries from stealing
our stuff. "The thing is with the Internet, there's all these unanswered
questions in law. You come up with a good idea, like this law might be, and then
you don't really know what you're doing because it's a new technology and it's
complicated. The people who make the laws have to answer these questions. How
will this affect the Silicon Valley people (Internet backers) and Hollywood
people? I think the guys who proposed this bill are thinking, 'I wish we
could've done something, but we didn't think it through.' They will come back
again - just maybe not in this form."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 348 DOCUMENTS


               Golden Gate Xpress: San Francisco State University

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

Education versus incarceration: CSU budget runs dry while corrections funding
soars

SECTION: CAMPUS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 819 words


If she had been able to get just one more class this semester, SF State student
Ivonne Quiroz would be graduating. There were a variety of classes she could
have taken, but few of them have been offered and those that were being offered
only had one section available.

Instead, next semester she has to take 12 units to maintain her financial aid
status and take out an additional $5,000 in loans which will put her at a total
of $20,000 in debt by graduation.

Class cuts as a result of less funding for higher education are contributing to
students taking longer to get the classes they need to graduate.

Despite having nearly four times as many adults enrolled in the California State
University system than are incarcerated in the California Corrections system,
the CSU's receive a quarter of the funding than California prisons.

"The future of higher education in California is at risk right now," said SF
State President Robert A. Corrigan as he addressed a group of students who
marched to the Administration building in protest of tuition increases. "Not
because the fees are going up, but because there is not enough money to support
higher education."

According to Daniel Macallair, executive director for the Center on Juvenile and
Criminal Justice who also teaches a California Corrections System course at SF
State, the corrections system and higher education have been competing for funds
from the state since the prison system began an unprecedented expansion in 1984.

"The state has a finite amount of money it brings in every year," Macallair
said. "So you start out with a limited pie. What has happened is that the
corrections budget has simply sliced of a larger chunk of the pie. And if you
slice off a larger chunk of the pie, there is less pie."

Studies that the center have done show a dollar for dollar trade-off in some
years; where prison spending has increased, the spending on higher education has
been cut an equal amount. One study they did in 1994 showed an increase in
prison spending by $200 million and a mirrored cut to the CSU system.

This disparity has become more and more visible since the budget cuts began.
While CSUs and UCs have been receiving drastic cut backs, the prison system has
seen increases at times, according to President Corrigan.

"We took a $650 million cut in the CSU and UC took a $650 million cut, and guess
what?" Corrigan said. "The prison system got an increase of $362 million."

According to Macallair, because of policies like the three strikes law that
emphasize punishment instead of rehabilitation and education, California has
been put in a position where it favors funding to lock up prisoners instead of
sending them to rehabilitative programs that would result in a more productive,
educated and tax-paying population.

Macallair has been teaching at SF State since 1996 and has seen the Criminal
Justice Department grow from a few classes into a major.

"We've got 700 majors and we've got 5 faculty," Macallair said. "And during that
whole time, in recent years we've seen nothing but cut backs. The lectures have
been decimated."

This semester there are three classes Macallair teaches that have a maximum
capacity of 40 to 45 students. He has 80 students in each section, including a
Saturday morning class that begins at 9 a.m.

"You're dealing with a budget for this campus now from the legislature, which is
the same as it was in 1998," Corrigan said. "We are trying to educate thousands
of more students. For the first time in our history a couple semesters ago we
turned down new admissions in the spring, and if we don't get the money we will
have to turn down more."

In that same time, according to the California Department of Corrections and
Rehabilitation's website, their budget has grown to a little more than $10
billion. While the corrections budget has doubled in recent years, so has
averagetuition for CSUs, from $2,772 in 2007 to $4,429 for this past year.

According to the legislative analyst's office for the state, the budget for the
CSUs for next school year will be $2.7 billion.

And in terms of facing more cuts, the CSUs are still not out of the woods.

"I'm asking you. Indeed, I am begging you to bring the message to the
legislators," Corrigan said as he addressed the crowd of SF State Students. "And
to bring the message to the legislators, who, like the Republicans in
Washington, are standing between us and what we should have as citizen of this
state and of this nation. What we need to have is a well-educated population."

For Quiroz, the upside to having to be $5,000 more in debt for essentially one
class is that at least she will have a minor upon graduation.

"I've always thought of adding the minor but I never thought I would have time.
So looking at the silver lining or the glass half full, it's what helped me make
the jump to declare the minor but I wouldn't have missed out on anything if I
had graduated this semester."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Harvard Crimson: Harvard University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

No Layoffs for Harvard Libraries

BYLINE: Geoff Carens

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 785 words


On January 19, Harvard University Library Executive Director Helen Shenton told
stunned Harvard Library staff that their numbers were to shrink. She announced
that the cuts would be accomplished by July, through voluntary and involuntary
means. Officials would rewrite some job descriptions and eliminate other jobs
completely, and staffers would have to apply for a smaller number of
reconfigured positions.

In the wake of media attention to widely shared tweets about Shenton's
disclosures, a University spokesperson tried to downplay the anxieties of
employees. Despite such efforts, Shenton's remarks are sparking a new wave of
worker-led protests on the Harvard campus.

When the University's clerical staffers last faced mass layoffs in 2008, their
Harvard No Layoffs Campaign drew the attention of national and international
press. In collaboration with Harvard's Student Labor Action Movement,
rank-and-filers in the Harvard Union of Clerical and Technical Workers joined
forces with concerned local residents, faculty, non-union workers and members of
other campus unions also hit hard by job losses. The coalition organized a
sustained wave of demonstrations, which featured picketers blocking traffic in
Harvard Square, as well as multiple actions during the University's lavish
Commencement exercises. Today, activists will meet to plan a revival of the
Harvard No Layoffs Campaign.

During its last wave of mass layoffs, Harvard maintained, unpersuasively, that a
drop in its huge endowment made job losses inevitable. After a 21.4 percent jump
in the endowment during the last fiscal year, to $32 billion, Harvard cannot
possibly make any such claims today. Union activists believe the University's
plans to cut costs come at the expense of local communities. In a particularly
ominous development, 15 out of 22 employees at Harvard Health Publications
learned on January 11 that they would lose their jobs in March. The devastated
staffers of HHP must wonder how they will find new positions in the current
bleak economy. As of last week, library workers must wonder the same thing.

However, since 2008, the ground has shifted. The Occupy Wall Street movement has
pointed a glaring spotlight at social inequalities, the concentration of wealth,
and widespread unemployment. Harvard's workers have actively participated in
Occupy Boston and Occupy Harvard. Important links have been built, and
potentially powerful networks have risen up. Employees who stayed on the
sidelines of past years' pickets now boldly advocate direct action to fight the
planned cuts. No Layoffs campaigners know they will have many more allies this
time around.

They will also have student support. SLAM has supported Harvard's workers for
years. The pro-labor students in SLAM went on a hunger strike in 2007 to press
for a fair contract for security officers. Its precursor, the Progressive
Student Labor Movement, occupied Massachusetts Hall in 2001, demanding a living
wage for all who worked at the University. SLAM's current incarnation, as
vibrant as ever, plays a vital auxiliary role in campus labor struggles.  As
recently as December, scores of workers and SLAM members picketed for over an
hour in the cold for Marvin Byrd. Byrd, a 61 year old, partially-disabled
employee in Harvard University Mail Services, had his weekly hours cut and was
compelled to work a mandatory six-day week, alone of all his co-workers. SLAM's
participation on Byrd's behalf helped make the action one of the largest
worker-led pickets for an individual Harvard employee in recent memory. If
hundreds of library workers face the total loss of their livelihoods, they can
expect a proportionate response from the students who have stood with them for
so many years in their struggle for better working conditions.

Meanwhile, library workers continue to perform their duties, knowing that
another year of job losses would certainly hurt scholarship on campus. More
automation, increased outsourcing to non-Harvard vendors, and further erosion of
institutional memory will throw countless roadblocks in the way of the students,
faculty and researchers who use Harvard's libraries. Harvard's brand will suffer
along with workplace morale.  The precious scholarly resources amassed by
Harvard, including online databases, will grow less accessible. These
unnecessary consequences are a source of great frustration to dedicated
employees. If Shenton's destructive plans go forward, campus workers will soon
have myriad opportunities to vent that frustration in public.

Geoff Carens is a Union Representative in the Harvard Union of Clerical and
Technical Workers and a member of the No Layoffs Campaign. He is a Library
Assistant at Lamont Library.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The Tartan: Carnegie Mellon University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

State of the Union deserves more student attention

SECTION: FORUM; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 408 words


Did you watch President Obama's State of the Union address last week? We didn't.
It turns out that he talked about financial aid and foreign students. He even
talked about tech jobs and became the first president to mention "start-ups" in
a State of the Union.

Here's a quick rundown: Among emphasis on high-tech manufacturing, a stable
economy with fair taxes, energy self-sufficiency, and increased national
security, Obama first encouraged America to become "a country that leads the
world in educating its people."

Part of that is improving K-12 education, Obama said. He outlined paying
teachers more and paying them for performance, but at the same time lessening
the onerous burden of standardization, which encourages schools to teach to the
test.

Obama also laid out several suggestions just for college students. "Congress
needs to stop the interest rates on student loans from doubling in July." Did
you even know that was going to happen? The problem is that we didn't help the
situation at all. As college students who understand these difficulties
firsthand, we should be taking an active political role in shaping the future
for students just like us.

State schools should have more money, but they should also learn to teach in a
more cost-effective manner. "So let me put colleges and universities on notice,"
Obama warned. "If you can't stop tuition from going up, the funding you get from
taxpayers will go down." This is a perfect example of an issue that requires the
input, or at least the attention, of college students.

Obama also addressed the fact that we welcome foreign students and then make
them go home once they graduate. "That doesn't make sense," he said.

Finally, Obama urged Congress to help start-ups and small businesses succeed and
to support technological development so that America will have new jobs and
industries, "the same kind of research and innovation that led to the computer
chip and the internet."

So none of us watched the State of the Union (although we did see a cool
four-minute video called "Behind the Scenes: Writing the 2012 State of the Union
Address"). However, the political landscape needs the attention of college
students. What a change from our usual political fare: Wikipedia hunger strikes
to protest SOPA and Photoshopped politicians on Reddit.

More needs to be done; it's our responsibility to be more aware of what's going
on, to reach out to our representatives, and to make a difference.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                           January 18, 2012 Wednesday

Volleyball 101: Cougar Style

BYLINE: Taylor Street

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 524 words


To truly enjoy BYU's home opener against USC (trust me, you're going to want to
be there), knowing the rules of the game is vital.

From the basic rules of volleyball, to who's who on the team, to the Fieldhouse
itself, this article contains what you need to know about the 2012 BYU men's
volleyball team.

First, volleyball uses a rally scoring system. A "rally" is one ongoing play,
during which the ball is exchanged back and forth between the two opposing teams
until the ball touches the floor or is hit out of bounds. The team that wins the
rally subsequently serves the ball to begin a new rally.

During a rally, each team is allowed three touches per possession. Generally,
teams rely on the bump-set-spike process to score points. Ideally, one player
contains the shot from the opposing team, passing the ball to the setter. The
setter then sets up the ball for one of three hitters: outside, middle or
opposite, who in turn spikes the ball over the net, hoping the opposing team
will not return it.

To ultimately win a match, a team must win three of five sets. The first team to
reach 25 points wins the set, with the exception of the fifth and final set,
which is only played to 15. To win a set, a team must win by at least two
points.

Perhaps more important than the rules are the athletes on the floor. In a word,
the 2012 Cougar volleyball team is high on talent. Returning are three 2011
All-Americans: senior middle blocker Futi Tavana (first team), senior opposite
hitter Robb Stowell (second team) and sophomore outside hitter Taylor Sander
(second team). Additionally, the Cougars are returning an experienced senior
setter in Joe Kauliakamoa, a 2011 All-MPSF Honorable Mention. Also returning are
experienced middle blockers Quentin Smith, a senior, and Russ Lavaja, a junior.

According to head coach Chris McGown, this year's team is extremely athletic and
dynamic.

"The one thing that I think people don't really get a sense of until they're
here watching a game is how athletic these guys are," McGown said. "They're
tall, they jump a mile, they're strong. You just have to sit there and think,
'these are amazing athletes.' "

Smith and Sander both said this year's team is fiery and talented. But perhaps
the real excitement of Cougar volleyball lies not in the game or even the
athletes, but in the Smith Fieldhouse. The appeal of the Fieldhouse is the
closeness of the fans to the players.

"Because the Smith Fieldhouse is such a small, compact area, unlike the Marriott
Center, it gets really loud and there's lots of ruckus," senior opposite hitter
Stowell said. "It's a more intimate setting, you're closer to the players and
you see our reactions and the way we interact with the crowd a bit more."

Sander expressed a similar sentiment.

"I'd say it's the best place to play in the U.S. at this level," he said. "Our
crowd is amazing and it's just the energy that the crowd brings to every game
that makes it special. It's amazing."

Even for students who have never been to a game and still don't really
understand the rules, the Fieldhouse is easy to find and the Cougars will be
there at 7 p.m. Friday and Saturday to take on USC.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vista: University of Central Oklahoma

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

State Bill Would Ban Commercial Stem Cell Use

BYLINE: Trevor Hultner

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1454 words


State Senator Ralph Shortey wrote SB 1418 as a result of a boycott headed by
Florida-based pro-life group Children of God for Life. Photo provided

The next legislative session in Oklahoma is set to begin, and among the new crop
of Senate bills to be considered is one aimed at a seldom-reported problem that
pro-life groups say is rampant.

Ralph Shortey, a Republican from Oklahoma City District 44, wrote the
legislation, Senate Bill 1418, as a response to a 2011 boycott of PepsiCo and
other brands by over 30 pro-life groups.

The bill in its introduced form would "[prohibit] the manufacture or sale of
food or products which use aborted human fetuses."

From the text of the bill as it was introduced on Jan. 19: "No person or entity
shall manufacture or knowingly sell food or any other product intended for human
consumption which contains aborted human fetuses in the ingredients or which
used aborted human fetuses in the research or development of any of the
ingredients."

NPR and the Atlantic Wire picked up the story from the Associated Press and
Oklahoma State University's Daily O'Collegian, and soon the Internet was abuzz
with news of the proposed legislation.

"1) is this real; and 2) is there any reason the bill might be needed?" Bill
Chappell, writing for NPR's Two-Way blog, said last week.

There is a very good reason this bill might be needed, according to Sen.
Shortey.

"Basically what they're doing is, they're using embryonic stem cells and these
fetal kidney cells to gauge the chemical reaction that their artificial flavors
induce," Shortey said in a phone interview with The Vista last week. "So,
obviously I don't like that; I'm a staunch pro-life advocate. I don't even
believe in embryonic stem cell research for medical research, let alone for
food, you know, for making food taste better."

Shortey said he discovered the impetus for writing SB 1418 while researching
artificial flavoring and preservatives in food and their effects on the human
body.

"I just really want to know whether or not it's actually that bad for you, you
know, so I've done a lot of research about this stuff for the better part of a
year," he said. "But I stumbled across some information about how artificial
flavors are developed, and I actually stumbled across an article corresponding
to a boycott of PepsiCo back this last November."

The November PepsiCo boycott was organized by Florida group Children of God for
Life. They were joined by over 30 separate pro-life organizations, including
Operation Rescue and the American Life League.

Debi Vinnedge is the Executive Director for Children of God for Life. She
explained that the boycott had been going on since March 2011, and that it was
directed at the clients of Senomyx, a research and development company that the
group alleged utilized aborted fetal cells in their production tools.

"We had written to Senomyx to request that they stop using aborted fetal cell
lines in the research and development for developing these flavor enhancers for
food companies," Vinnedge said. "We told them, 'look, we've read your patents,
we know that there are moral options you could be using; please take the moral
consideration of the number of people in the country who object to this and use
the moral sources.'"

According to Vinnedge, Senomyx ignored the letter, so COG for Life wrote to each
of the company's clients: PepsiCo, Coca-Cola, Campbell's Soup, Nestlé, Kraft
Foods.

"As we wrote to each of these companies, we found out really quick that, first
of all, Pepsi had just signed an agreement, Coke had severed their contract
after we wrote to them," she said. "We don't know why, though. They never
responded to us."

Additionally, Campbell's Soup dropped their contract with the company because,
according to Vinnedge, "the relationship they had with their customers was not
worth compromising for bottom-line or profit."

After a receiving letter from PepsiCo outlining the corporation's relationship
with Senomyx, COG for Life launched the boycott in May 2011.

"Since then, when we first did it, there were around 27 of us originally, now
we've had about six or seven more that have come forward and joined it as well,"
she said.

Vinnedge said that the boycott has gone international, with organizations in the
United Kingdom, Spain, Portugal, Germany, Poland and others participating.

The group went back and forth with PepsiCo for a number of months, until several
stockholders from the corporation that were sympathetic with the boycott's cause
filed a shareholder resolution with the Securities and Exchange Commission in
October. The SEC has not responded to that yet.

"What the shareholder's resolution would do is it would force PepsiCo to adopt a
human rights policy that would not allow them to collaborate with, or to conduct
any aborted fetal research," she said.

The boycott itself garnered renewed attention following the announcement of
Shortey's bill's inclusion in the upcoming legislative session.

"So basically I've decided to take an idea and start a conversation with this
bill," Shortey said. "I think we can have an intellectual, or even ethical
discussion about whether or not embryonic stem cells should be used for medical
research, but I just don't even think that the discussion should exist or should
even be an option that these cells are used to make a company better profits, to
make their food taste better."

Vinnedge and COG for Life lauded Shortey for introducing the bill, but not
without some criticism of it.

"Now, the wording in this bill needs work," Vinnedge said. "Because it's not a
fetus that's being used, it's the cells from an aborted fetus, and so you have
to be careful when you write your language that it's written properly."

Shortey said that his intention wasn't to suggest that companies were using
human fetuses in their ingredients.

"I'm not suggesting in any way that somebody's chopping up fetuses or that the
cells are actual ingredients in their products, what I'm saying is that, through
the development of their artificial flavors, they use - and I don't know if they
do this or not, all I'm saying is that, they have the patents - not PepsiCo, but
the people that do the research for them - they have the patent, they have the
patents with the federal government to do this type of research, which makes me
think that they do it," he said.

Shortey said that it would be a "public relations nightmare" if the general
population found out about Senomyx's alleged practices.

Senomyx was not available to comment, but Jeff Dahnke, a spokesman from PepsiCo,
did send an email response to queries made by The Vista.

"PepsiCo's research processes and those of our partners are confidential for
competitive reasons; however, we can confirm that PepsiCo does not conduct or
fund research that utilizes any human tissue or cell lines derived from
embryos," he said.

Shortey has made it clear that the legislation is meant to be largely symbolic,
and not tied to any sort of regulation.

"The committee version of this bill will look tremendously different than what
it does now," he said. "It will be a lot more specific. I doubt very seriously
that I will put any kind of penalties in the bill, because you're right, it's
very difficult to enforce something like this, and I don't hold any illusions
that the state will want to acquire the research papers of all these companies."

Not everyone is as excited about the bill as Shortey or Vinnedge.

"It seems like a big unnecessary trap," sophomore biology education major Jess
Luna said. "Like, 'cannibalism' is already against the law. If they're just
using this for stem cell research, people aren't going to say no to it, because
then they [Shortey, etc.] can say, 'well, you support eating children?'"

The satire site Foolocracy.com named Shortey the "fool of the week," saying,
"The real goal behind this legislation by Shortey is to continue the war against
science and put an end to any embryonic cell research. He is simply trying to
rile up people's fears and disgust with an utterly ridiculous claim that there
needs to be a ban on eating fetuses."

Shortey maintained his position with regards to the bill.

"This bill was written to start a discussion, you know, on an ethical - on a
foundational principles basis, as most of us in the legislature are pro-life,"
he said. "As pro-life people, do we really believe that life begins at
conception, secondly, do we really believe that we should protect that life, and
then thirdly, if we're unable to protect that life, should we protect the
dignity of that death? [...] Those are the questions that this bill is going to
ask the legislators and the entire state."

The second session of the 53rd legislature will reconvene on Monday, Feb. 6.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             Daily Californian: University of California - Berkeley

                           January 18, 2012 Wednesday

Regents will meet in Sacramento in May

BYLINE: Jessica Rossoni

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 415 words


After months of urging students, faculty and other University of California
community members to call on the state for increased support for higher
education, the UC Board of Regents announced that it will relocate its meeting
to Sacramento and hold a rally at the state Capitol this May.

Board Chair Sherry Lansing announced in opening remarks at Wednesday's board
meeting at UC Riverside that she and her colleagues will hold a regents' meeting
on May 16 in Sacramento, followed by a rally on May 17 alongside UC students,
faculty, staff and others in order to urge legislators to curtail state
divestment from public education.

"The truth is, this university was founded by and for the people of California,"
Lansing said. "Unless our elected representatives start funding us at a
realistic level, UC's ability to serve the state and its citizens will be at
serious risk."

According to UC spokesperson Dianne Klein, the meeting - which was originally to
be held over three days at the UCSF Mission Bay campus - will be condensed to a
one-day meeting at the Sacramento Convention Center. The regents have not yet
created an official list of who will be present at the rally the next day,
although the majority or all of the board will most likely be there, she said.

In the past year alone, state lawmakers cut the UC's budget by $750 million.
Although the UC attempted to mitigate the cut through steep tuition increases,
program cuts and by promoting cost-cutting administrative efficiencies,
university leaders said these efforts are not enough to solve the UC's budget
crisis.

Furthermore, Gov. Jerry Brown announced Jan. 5 that the UC system may be in for
another $200 million budget cut if voters do not approve some tax increases this
November.

UC Student Regent Alfredo Mireles, Jr. and Student Regent-designate Jonathan
Stein have already begun to promote student involvement with the May rally
through social media, calling on Twitter followers to mark their calendars for
May 17.

Joey Freeman, external affairs vice president for the ASUC - UC Berkeley's
student government body - shares similar enthusiasm.

"Student leaders have been focusing the conversation on Sacramento for months
and already brought a delegation of students to the Capitol steps," he said.
"I'm happy to see that the regents are following our lead."

Have a question for the UC Regents, UC Student Regents, or the ASUC Vice
Presidents? Ask anyone a question via Your Direct Line.

Jessica Rossoni covers higher education.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  Western Courier: Western Illinois University

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

The definitely-not-coordinating-with-Stephen-Colbert super article

BYLINE: Elana Katz

SECTION: THE-EDGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 994 words


Elana Katz
January 25, 2012
Filed under The Edge

A comedian can really hit their stride in an election year. Suddenly, jokes are
writing themselves and flooding in each day, make the possibilities endless.
Sketch shows and stand-ups thrive off of the material, but no comedian can
satirize the election quite the way Stephen Colbert does.

As if the 2012 primaries, particularly the race for the GOP nomination, needed
to get any more ridiculous, enter Colbert to give new meaning to the word.
Involving himself in the election is nothing new for the comedian, but this time
it has been difficult to tell if America is in on the joke or not.

It started as satire on the campaign finance system.

In the summer of 2011, he formed a super PAC. Not a fake one used for fake
segments, but an actual, entirely legal super PAC. For those unaware of what
this is, super PACs were made legal in 2010 and are allowed to raise unlimited
funds from any group, corporation, or individual. Colbert named his super PAC
"Americans for a Better Tomorrow, Tomorrow" and has been collecting funds from
fans ever since with no real goal in sight other than urging voters in Iowa to
vote for "Rick Parry, with an A." Colbert was no longer just a staple on fake
news programs, but on the real news as well.

It was not until a couple of weeks ago that he started to get more personal with
Indecision 2012.

Colbert has "campaigned" before, but this year's interest in putting his name on
the ballot arrived when it was discovered that he was suddenly polling at 5%
without even trying in South Carolina (his home state), 1% higher than actual
nominee at the time, John Huntsman. With an ego as big as Colbert's, it was no
time before the comedian announced his decision to "form an exploratory
committee" to consider running for "President of South Carolina."

There was a flaw in his plan, though: a candidate cannot legally be coordinating
with a Super PAC, let alone be in control of one. In order to legally "explore
the possibilities," Colbert decided the only option was to give up control of
his Super PAC. Who better to take the reigns than his show's predecessor, former
boss, friend, and business partner (running a combination bagel shop/travel
agency, From Shmear to Eternity, naturally), Jon Stewart?

Stewart, of course, graciously agreed and, with the help of a lawyer, the power
was transferred. The Super PAC was renamed "The
Definitely-Not-Coordinating-with-Stephen Colbert Super PAC" and Colbert could
officially campaign for President...or whatever he was running for.

It was not long before Stewart was contemplating how to spend the large sum of
money now suddenly in his hands. One of Elizabeth Taylor's diamond tiaras,
perhaps? It was a nice thought, but the money was probably much better spent on
the four ads ran in South Carolina.

It was after the first two ads ran (one of which was narrated by Jon Lithgow and
accused Mitt Romney of being a serial killer) that Colbert received some bad
news: it was too late to be put on the South Carolina primary ballot. This,
however, brought up something else interesting: because it could no longer be
changed, this meant that Herman Cain, who had already dropped out of the race,
would still appear on it. Seeing this as an opportunity, Colbert announced to
his viewers that if they voted for Cain on January 21, he would take it as a
sign that they wanted him to run.

This launched another super PAC ad with a different message: a vote for Herman
Cain was a vote for Stephen Colbert.

Things appeared to be going smoothly when polls revealed that Colbert was
polling at 36%, the highest of all the nominees and one percent above
then-front-runner Romney.

The so-called campaign got more ridiculous when Colbert held a rally Friday in
South Carolina called "Rock Me like a Herman Cain, South Cain-Olina Primary
Rally" It was one of the biggest rallies of the election and Cain was in full
support, for the most part. While he discouraged voters from voting for him and
wasting a vote, he did agree that, "America needs to lighten up."

If there was one bit that stood out, it was after Colbert recalled everything
that his super PAC did toward his "campaign," announcing, "If that is a joke,
then our entire campaign finance system is a joke."

When it came to the actual primary, the rally was not enough. While Cain earned
6,324 votes- higher than "all the nominees who were no longer trying to win"- it
only added up to 1% of vote, nothing compared to Newt Gingrich's 40%.

Colbert took to his show Monday night to announce his official end for the
presidential bid, news that made more than a few political pundits happy. Not
everyone was laughing, as many felt he was influencing voters to view the
election as a joke. Colbert I. King of the Washington Post shared his opinions,
arguing that, "too much has gone into getting the right to vote to treat the
ballot like a game."

Colbert is hardly the first or only one to treat it like a game. Gingrich left
not one, but two terminally ill wives for other women while Romney claims to be
relatable, yet is making $10,000 bets at debates. We're expected to be okay with
behavior like that, yet Colbert's actions are too much? It's hard to believe
that anyone would blame him for making mockery of the entire thing.

So, did Colbert actually accomplish anything? It's highly unlikely that he'll
ever have a chance at a real bid for office, but he certainly has the attention
of the public. The Colbert that viewers see on TV is nothing more than a
beautifully crafted character intended to poke fun at the Republican Party.
Whether his fans agree with him or not, there's no doubt that the public is more
informed about the campaign finance system thanks to him.

Herman Cain's biggest contribution the election thus far might just be
explaining that America needs to lighten up. Cain might be the one blatantly
saying it, but Colbert will be the one heavily implying it for many elections to
come.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northerner: Northern Kentucky University

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

The $4,087 student

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 307 words


We can all afford to be lazy occasionally. On a Friday night, when homework is
due on Monday, most students see no reason to scramble. However, something like
the upcoming rally is an area in which we shouldn't dawdle.

Granted, to most it might not sound like a rock concert. There won't be any
celebrities to get your picture with (or any crappy $10 beer to drink). But,
make no mistake, this is worth it.
The rally is more than a free lunch and excuse to get out of class. But, hey,
even if that is all it's worth to you, you should probably still go.
If you're not a numbers person, you might find the implications of the rally to
be overwhelming. A 6.4 percent budget cut, millions of dollars and, undoubtedly,
other obscure budget references are all thrown into the mix. BUT, as a student,
there are two numbers you need to know, and one simple fact.

The regional full-time equivalent that is given to NKU for each full-time
student is $4,087. The average regional FTE is $5,667. We're pretty sure that
you believe you are worth more than $4,087. Apparently, the state legislatures
don't. We need to show them otherwise.

What all of this means is that over time, that FTE is going to keep dropping,
along with NKU's budget. But, no worries. Tuition will continue to climb.
Essentially, the state legislators are treating students like used cars. Our
value appears to be deteriorating, according to them.

If we don't decide to step up and attend events like the higher education rally,
we'll have to eventually point the finger at ourselves as the culprits of crappy
tuition at NKU. It is the same principle as, "If you don't vote, you can't
complain."

So, if you'd like to attend a university that isn't $40,000 a year, we'd suggest
you get your ass down to Frankfort, get a free lunch, and show a few stuffy
legislators what you're really worth.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday

BYU students rally for Romney in South Carolina

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 270 words


After a long battle in South Carolina, Mitt Romney found himself in the midst of
some unexpected faces and a well-needed boost of support; all the way from
Provo.

Lining the streets to Tommy's Ham House, where Romney was scheduled to rally
early Saturday, young LDS and non-LDS supporters from Provo, Virginia and D.C.
could be found chanting, "Mitt! Mitt! Mitt!"

Students like Kat Wardle, 23, from BYU's Washington Seminar program in D.C.,
told BuzzFeed they had been following Romney to rallies throughout the state.

"I was all over the place at the Lexington rally!" Wardle said. "We were the
girls dancing by the band and definitely the loudest ones there."

Students from all over the country came to show their support for Romney,
traveling from The University of Utah, Southern Virginia University and BYU's
Washington Seminar in D.C.

One student who asked BuzzFeed to remain anonymous was one of a group of
students who had traveled to South Carolina from Virginia to lend their support.

He said as far as he knew, the Romney campaign would be reimbursing the cost of
their charter bus and that those coordinating the trip had suggested they show
up at Tommy's.

Despite his loss in the Palmetto state last weekend, Romney said he accepts the
challenges of a long road ahead and is turning his focus on the upcoming
election in Florida later this month.

"We're now three contests into a long primary season. This is a hard fight
because there's so much worth fighting for," Romney told The Miami Herald on
Saturday. "We've still got a long way to go and a lot more work to do. And
tomorrow we are going to move on to Florida."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Whitman College Pioneer: Whitman College

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Professor George Ball passes away, remembered by Whitman community

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 573 words


Professor George Ball passes away, remembered by Whitman community

Shelly Le
January 12, 2012
Filed under NEWS

Contributed Photo

This article was co-authored by Karah Kemmerly

Dr. George H. Ball, whose influence at Whitman College spanned over five
decades, passed away on Jan. 1, 2012 at the age of 96, but his words and actions
continue to impact those who knew him.

Ball was born in Australia, and raised on a small farm in upstate New York. He
later met and married his wife Nancy with whom he had four children.

Before coming to Whitman, Ball earned a law degree from Cornell University in
Ithaca, N.Y., and his doctorate in religion  from Yale University.

As a participant in the Vietnam War protests, Ball established himself as an
individual with liberal viewpoints, often clashing with popular opinions during
the McCarthy era.

Ball started working at Whitman in 1960 after his ideology caused him to lose a
number of positions at other universities, including the University of Denver
where he refused to sign an anticommunist oath.

At Whitman, Ball established the religion department. He would continue to teach
introductory religion courses well after his retirement from teaching in 1980.

Alumna Meda Chesney-Lind '69, a Professor of Women's Studies at the University
of Hawaii at Manoa, has fond memories of a religion class she took from Ball.

"He always asked his students about themselves early in the semester. And then
he genuinely listened to what the students said. It made you feel like you were
actually someone in the class and not just hearing a lecture," she said.

After his retirement from teaching, Ball began working as Whitman's Stuart
Coordinator of Religious and Spiritual life.

"[Ball's] ability to make anyone in his presence to feel genuinely cared for was
something that I think affected anyone who came into contact with him," said
current Stuart Coordinator of Religious and Spiritual Life, Adam Kirtley.

Chesney-Lind said that Ball impacted students more with his actions than he did
by talking about religion.

"I felt very open talking to Dr. Ball about all religions and topics," she said.
"Especially in this time period, when we have politicians talking about their
religion, who are proud of their intolerance, we need to look at Dr. Ball. He
embodied what it means to live a good life and that doesn't mean talking about
religion."

Kirtley further expanded on Ball's memorable personality.

"He was man of many causes and knew what it meant to be a citizen of the world.
And yet he was profoundly kind and gentle," Kirtley said. "You had a sense that
his commitment to causes of justice were not born out of any sort of political
motivation and more so born out of his passion to see humans being treated
correctly."

Chesney-Lind, believes that Ball stood apart from many other professors.

"Tentatively, people who choose higher education are all about themselves, their
research, their publications, and your importance is really measured by how many
awards have you won," she said. "He wasn't about that, he was about education
and living a good life. In a true sense of the word minister, he ministered to
others. I think that was what was very memorable about him."

A memorial service for Dr. Ball will be held on Saturday, Jan. 28, 2012 at 2:30
p.m. in Cordiner Hall, discussing his work and impact on the Whitman community.
Following the ceremony, a reception will be held in Reid Campus Center's Young
Ballroom.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                          Anchor: Rhode Island College

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

In defense of the "Romney Vote"

SECTION: OPNIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 813 words


Over the break I had a chance to meet with a friend for lunch. It lasted for
nearly five hours. Much of the conversation revolved around Ron Paul.

My friend is a disciple of candidate Paul. He tried his hardest to lead me to
the light. However, his gospel did not sound like the "good news" it is billed
as. Regardless, we ended on the topic of those voters who are ideologically
closer to Ron Paul yet will probably vote for Mitt Romney in the Republican
primary on the basis that he is more competitive against President Obama.

My friend argued that such an approach to voting ran counter to traditional
American values. The right candidate should win, not the most competitive. Plus,
he thought it dishonest to vote for someone who may represent views you don't
share. Later, the conversation spilled over to Facebook, where someone asserted
that our vote would never be our own if we thought strategically, we would
always vote with the majority.

At the outset, allow me to squash that comment. This comment is based on the
assumption that strategists are sheepish and will give up their political
identity to be with the majority. If that were really the case, then Obama would
win the race, as nearly every poll shows him with a lead, and his margins would
only continue to grow. He would have the majority because he has the majority.
That's a tautological fallacy. Voting strategically isn't about giving your vote
away. It's about maximizing your view in a way which avoids helping your
opponents.

While pure preference voting is fine, there are a couple difficulties for those
who practice it. These difficulties point to the necessity of a strategic
alternative.

The greatest issue is that the pure preference method does not fit in well with
the institutional setup in the U.S. Indeed, it's difficult for marginal parties
to move beyond the protest stage. In countries which utilize proportional
representation, a 10 percent vote share would equate to a 10 percent share of
seats in the legislature. Despite being marginal, such groups would still have
an opportunity to affect government. The U.S. uses single-member,
winner-take-all districts which do not represent proportionally. Additionally,
American parties historically have had broad appeal. These two factors combine
to produce a system which favors the dominance of two major, moderate parties.

Thus, when you're in a Paul vs. Romney situation, and your heart tells you to
vote for Paul, you are faced with a dilemma. If you vote for Paul, a marginal
player, you stay consistent but take votes from Romney, who is probably closer
to you than President Obama. What do you do?

My friend acknowledged the difficulty, but still could not endorse the actions
of those who took the Romney option. He saw the decision in morally absolute
terms. You are morally obligated to support who you think would be the best in
the position.

Yes, some people, like my friend, may feel cognitive dissidence if they voted in
such a fashion. However, there is a flipside.

For some, knowing that their principled vote helped split votes and elect
someone who is totally at odds with their views would cause the same dissidence.

Let's place this in context. If you're an ultra-conservative voter, and you find
the proposition of Obama's second term to be an existential threat to the
country, or yourself, then you might feel a moral obligation to support his
strongest rival.

I'll give you an analogy to consider. Say you and your family did not believe in
taking modern medication. Your child becomes ill; he's almost dead, and the only
way to save him is to administer a modern medication. Would you bend your
beliefs in order to save his life?

Obviously, such a decision is not easy. One could make equally principled
arguments in both directions. This analogy is akin to Kohlberg's moral stages
thought experiment. To work through the quandary, one must exercise various
levels of moral reasoning in balancing one's pure preferences against an
imperfect alternative and an eventual consequence.

The point is that the answer is in the eye of the beholder. There's no way to
say which concept of voting is proper.

The issue in today's political climate is extreme contrast. Indeed, contrasts
between the parties' platforms are incredibly sharp. One of my favorite quotes,
spoken by the French political philosopher Raymond Aron, poses the proposition
that, "in politics, the choice is never between good and evil but between the
preferable and the detestable." Today, we tend towards the former. And one can
never compromise with evil. What people like my well-meaning friend should
recognize is that others see the world in non-absolute terms.

They choose to elect the "preferable," usually after respectable amounts of
thought, and moral analysis.

It's not necessarily a superior way to vote, just different. Think about
it.Follow and like us:

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                           Loquitur: Cabrini College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Editorial: Ban SOPA: call for a free internet

BYLINE: James Crowell

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 571 words


Last week, Wikipedia and other popular websites protested the Stop Online Piracy
Act and Protect IP Act by blacking out their logos or redacting content on their
websites. Sites like these, and many more, are resisting what would amount to an
unprecedented level of unchecked internet oversight by the government.Both
pieces of legislation are anti-piracy bills that would grant intellectual
property owners unprecedented powers over the internet.  Such powers would give
the U.S. federal government the ability to take down not only sites that host
copyrighted content, but sites that link to sites that host the content as well.
In laymen's terms, these bills would enable the government to shut down sites
like YouTube for hosting unlicensed content.  Every time you look up a music
video or ESPN sports highlight on YouTube, there is a good chance that those
videos could be censored.As they are written now, SOPA and PIPA amount to exeme
censorship of the internet.  China and Iran have exaordinarily repressive
policies regarding their people's freedoms and their citizenry's access to the
internet.  If current anti-piracy legislation is revived and passes both houses,
the United States would join China and Iran as leading censors of online
content.SOPA and PIPA have now been postponed indefinitely, thanks largely to a
wave of public opposition and internet protests.

However, prior to being tabled in Congress, SOPA had the backing of nearly a
quarter of the members of Congress making future bills of similar intent likely.

  Yet the Loquitur editorial staff songly believes that it is fruitless to
pursue anti-piracy legislation due to the presence of the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act.  For 14 years, both the Motion Picture Association of America and
the Recording Indusy Association of America have heavily wielded the DMCA to
request that infringing material be removed.  If you have ever seen an error
message on a previously viewable YouTube video, then you know full well that the
DMCA is working just fine.It would be an understatement to say that SOPA is
unfeasible.  It willfully misunderstands the nature of the internet and has the
potential to cause huge financial and cultural losses on a global scale.  Last
month, a New York Times op-ed called SOPA the "Great Firewall of America."As
college students, we know that where there's a will, there's a way.  Congress's
current attempt to censor the web has been halted; however it is naive to
believe that there will be no anti-piracy in the future.  That being said, it is
imperative that you call and write to your representatives in Congress and voice
your opinion.  By signing petitions and contacting your representatives, you can
help to maintain open and unencumbered access to the greatest pooled
intellectual property in the history of the world.As both college students and
as the editorial staff of a newspaper, we recognize the importance of and the
sanctity of one's online profile and property. However, we also realize the
enormous value of a uly free internet. The wealth and depth of knowledge now
afforded to us is uly invaluable, as is the freedom it offers and represents.
Now more than ever, we must sive to maintain and foster the internet as a fair,
free and universal forum.The English-language pages of Wikipedia would be one
impacted greatly if the Stop Online Piracy Act and Protect IP Act were to pass
both houses of Congress.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                Badger Herald: University of Wisconsin - Madison

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday

Hopes high for strong gaming year in 2012

BYLINE: Andrew LahrThe Badger Herald

SECTION: ARTSETC; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 905 words


2011 Game Titles set a High Bar for '12

Game enthusiasts across the nation are undoubtedly still knee-deep in many of
the fantastic titles of late 2011, temporarily oblivious to what's in store for
them in the coming months. But if the Mayans are correct and we do indeed find
ourselves hurtling towards our imminent doom this December, I'm sure we'd all
benefit from a few more choice titles before some asteroidal catastrophe or
nuclear winter puts an end to our existence. So just how well will next year
will stack up against the uncharacteristically prolific year in gaming that was
2011?

Last year offered more than mass protests and overthrown dictatorships. With
record-breaking sales across the board, 2011 represented a distinct victory for
video games within the entertainment industry as a whole. Activision's "Modern
Warfare 3"; became the best-selling piece of entertainment merchandise ever. It
quickly earned $1 billion in sales, faster than the previous record-holder:
James Cameron's "Avatar," which many believed untouchable in its number one
seat. Maybe Americans are finally realizing that a $60 game that will last years
is a better investment than shelling out 15 bucks for two hours of a
three-dimensional, futuristic re-hash of "Pocahontas."

Sales figures aside, 2011 offered some of the greatest game titles that we have
seen in a long, long time. The release of numerous cross-platform smash-hits
including "Skyrim," "Arkham City," and "Battlefield 3"; ensured every type of
game player had a chance to get in on the virtual action. Console exclusive
titles such as the third installments of "Uncharted" and "Gears of War" gave
console fanboys across the globe something to brag and argue about. Even the Wii
got in on the action with its masterfully-done "Legend of Zelda: The Skyward
Sword." Such a venerable cornucopia of game titles offers a strong challenge
towards game developers to up the ante this year. It's hard to imagine that 2012
could possibly eclipse, or even equal the glory that was last year. Keeping this
in mind, let's take a look at some of the shimmering prospects coming our way.

Role-playing fans will certainly have their carpel tunnel-ridden hands full this
year. Many of the most anticipated games of 2012 involve role-playing elements
of some kind, and the first one to keep your eye on is undoubtedly Bioware's
"Mass Effect 3." Its past predecessors offered some of the best space
exploration gameplay ever seen, where players actions drastically effect the
outcome of the game. Players can expect an additional four-player co-op mission
mode to add to the galactic mayhem.

Blizzard Games will rear its mighty head this year as it will finally continue
its hugely popular and HIGHLY addicting Diablo series with the release of
"Diablo 3." It's been more than 10 years since the release of the Lord of
Destruction expansion pack to "Diablo 2," and yet hundreds of thousands of
diehard fans, including myself, still occupy its Battlenet servers, hunting for
loot and fighting ubers until the hell cows come home. The game is currently in
its beta stage, and a release date has not yet been slated ... typical Blizzard.
Rest assured though, we will see this game released within the year.

Incidentally, 2012 will see many game developers hoping to chip away at
Blizzard's stranglehold on the RPG market. "Guild Wars 2"; is supposedly making
its debut within the first half of the year. The original "Guild Wars" offered a
top-notch MMORPG without the "pay-to-play" label stamped on it, which is
something that other hugely popular games can't say (cough, "World of Warcraft,"
cough). "Guild Wars 2"; will hopefully offer superior visuals, complex gameplay
and a huge and immersive world without the $15/month subscription to bleed you
dry.

One title which assuredly has many people giddy with anticipation is 2K Games'
newest Bioshock title, "Bioshock Infinite." Past Bioshock games were known for
their distinctly dystopian feel, offering beautifully done surroundings in which
to dish out carnage with a huge variety of unique weapons and deadly
psychokinetic powers. The new game will not be set in the underwater city of
Rapture however; it instead will take place on a giant, floating city.
Apparently the folks at 2K Games have a real problem with solid land.

Japan-based Capcom Games recently announced their newest project, "Resident Evil
6." The game will feature Leon Kennedy, the man, the myth, the legend and hero
of what many call the best Resident Evil so far, "Resident Evil 4." Anyone who
has played Resident Evil alone in a dark room knows that it is in fact possible
to be scared shitless by a video game, and hopefully this game will be no
exception. By the way, RE6 will feature real zombies, none of that
genetically-altered but still somehow alive crap. Chalk one up for the living
dead.

It's probably safe to say that although this year may not top 2011 in terms of
its number of quality games, it certainly won't be even close to a bad year. As
the gaming industry continues to grow exponentially in the coming years, and
with the announcement of new consoles by both Microsoft and PlayStation, things
are looking good. Until then, we've got a hell of a lot of quality games to keep
us occupied. Now if you'll excuse me, "Skyrim" beckons.

Andrew Lahr is a creative writing major by day, gamer by night. Email questions,
comments and column ideas to aplahr@wisc.edu

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                Badger Herald: University of Wisconsin - Madison

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday

Politics motivate limits on speech

BYLINE: Hannah SleznikowThe Badger Herald

SECTION: OPED; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 679 words


In light of the recent Recall Walker movement, Gov. Scott Walker's anti-union
stance is increasingly under fire. A law was passed in 2011 eliminating the
collective bargaining rights of public workers, with the exception of police and
firefighters, and forced them to contribute to their own health care and
pension. It became clear the Walker administration's objective was to eliminate
the threat of unions by depriving them of any power to collectively bargain
whatsoever. This reality has fueled opposition to Walker and has served as a
pivotal catalyst for recall election efforts.

Restrictions on unions impose obvious limitations on freedom of association
rights. By undermining the activities of unions, the Walker administration is
infringing on workers' rights to associate themselves with an organization. More
significantly, it counters the core principles that unions embrace, namely the
importance of workers having a voice in their working conditions. But where do
the restrictions end?

According to the Wausau Daily Herald, roughly 75 protestors gathered outside
Lincoln Hills School in Irma, Wis., to protest an incident in which a youth
counselor was sent home without pay for wearing a T-shirt with a union logo. The
longtime employee had reportedly never been told that union clothing could not
be worn at work during the 30 years that he had worked at the school, nor was
there a written policy about graphics on clothing.

This incident raises some serious concerns in regard to freedom of expression
and what can arguably be deemed censorship. Although reasonable time, place and
manner limitations are appropriate in work environments, any such restriction
must be content-neutral and cannot be discriminatory toward viewpoints. In this
case, the issue was not the fact that the T-shirt displayed a logo, but rather
that it displayed a union logo. By banning only clothing promoting unions, the
officials at Lincoln Hills School were clearly targeting a pro-union viewpoint,
and by doing so, they were infringing on the employee's freedom of expression.

Beyond the freedom of expression issue, this incident also raises concerns about
censorship. By imposing viewpoint-discriminatory restrictions on something as
basic as clothing, the officials at Lincoln Hills sent a clear message that even
something as seemingly insignificant as a union logo poses enough of a danger
that it must be banned. Based on reports in the Wausau Daily Herald, there is no
evidence that a disturbance preceded the incident, thus reinforcing the shirt
itself was not presenting a threat to the functioning of the school or the
overall school environment.

Although the Wausau Daily Herald reported the Wisconsin Department of
Corrections is undertaking an investigation of the incident, it is critical to
bear in mind that even the most isolated incident of censorship should not be
taken lightly. Restrictions on an individual's First Amendment rights must be
justified by a substantial interest unrelated to the suppression of free
expression. In this case, it is apparent the choice to ban clothing promoting
unions is no coincidence, but rather the reflection of a pro-Walker viewpoint.

Political undertones are undoubtedly to blame for this incident, and the
controversy surrounding Walker's anti-union legislation is certainly warranted.
However, this incident brings to light a critical question. At what point does
government action infringe upon its citizens' right to free speech and
expression? Censoring any trace of union support, whether in the form of
clothing or any other form of expression, would be a clear attempt to smother
the embers of thought before they can ignite into flames of action. This is not
the democratic way, but rather a suppression of ideas - ideas that contribute to
the free flow of public discourse in a liberal democracy. Although seemingly
small and isolated, let this incident be a reminder of the potential danger of
hindering the freedom of open discourse.

Hannah Sleznikow (hsleznikow@wisc.edu) is a senior majoring in political
science.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 348 DOCUMENTS


           The State Hornet: California State University - Sacramento

                           January 4, 2012 Wednesday

Fall's news in review

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1844 words


Sacramento State selects newChief of Police

The selection of the Chief of Police anddirector of Public Safety of Sacramento
State's Police Departmentwas announced in November, and Mark Iwasa will begin
his term forthe positions on Jan. 3.

Iwasa is a Sac State alumnus, earning twodegrees from the university: a
bachelor's degree in economics witha minor in criminal justice (1990), as well
as a master's degree inpublic policy and administration (1993).

Iwasa previously worked as an undersheriff forthe Sacramento County Sheriff's
Department and has more than 25years of police experience. He lives walking
distance away from SacState and will be taking over for Interim University Chief
ofPolice Ken Barnett.

"He is a seasoned officer with demonstratedknowledge, experience and skills in
federal and Californiastatutory code, case law, civil law and standards that
govern theoperation of California law enforcement," said Interim UniversityVice
President Mike Lee in a press release.

The Sacramento County Sheriff's Departmentwill promote Capt. Rick Book, 48, to
take over Iwasa's former roleas undersheriff, said Sheriff's Department
spokesman Jason Ramos ina press release.

Two suspicious authoritiesactually undercover agents

The two men reported as suspicious malesubjects at Sacramento State in a
University Police report inOctober turned out to be undercover FBI and
Sacramento County'sSheriff's Department officers.

University Police confirmed the confusion fourdays after they released the
report of two suspicious males askingfor one female student's assistance on Sac
State's campus.

The two men asked the female student to go toa nearby parking lot to assist them
with an investigation whiledressed in street clothes, and did not show any badge
or explainthey were lawmen.

Steve Dupre, Sacramento media coordinator forthe FBI, said they will not discuss
undercover operations, but forthe most part, agents will usually have
identification on duty.

University Police later explained that otheragencies sometimes conduct
investigations on Sac State's campus,and that students have the right to ask
officers to see their badgeto confirm their identity.

"If we notified everybody of every singlething we were doing, it would
potentially compromise investigationsand become a nuisance to them," Dupre said.

Fires reported at Sac State,declared arson after investigation

Structure fires were set off in two separatebuildings on Oct. 13, and after
nearly two months of investigatingthe incidents, CAL Fire declared both fires
were arson on Dec.7.

The first fire was reported in Mendocino Hallat approximately 2:58 p.m., and the
next fire was reported minuteslater in Mariposa Hall. A third fire was seen soon
after thesecond, as students reported seeing a trash can set ablaze near
thetennis courts on campus.

The fire was reportedly started on a chair inone of the rooms on Mendocino's
fifth floor, and the fire inMariposa was started in an interior design gallery
on the fourthfloor.

Because the fires occurred in separatebuildings, students experienced some
confusion during theevacuation process.

Hanna Straw, sophomore psychology major, saidher class in Mariposa was in
session when they saw smoke outside,but they were not afraid because they
figured it was coming fromMendocino.

The fires, once extinguished, raised suspicionthat they were all set as
attempted arson. After a longinvestigation to declare the origin and cause of
the fires, CALFire confirmed the belief that they were all related and caused
onpurpose.

The investigation of who set the fires isstill being continued by University
Police, Bureau of Alcohol,Tobacco and Firearms  andCAL Fire.

CSU tuition increase byroughly 9 percent

The California State University Board ofTrustees announced an increase of
tuition starting the fallsemester of 2012 of about 9 percent.

The decision to raise tuition once again wasjoined by a request from the CSU
Board of Trustees to thelegislature for an additional $333 million in funding.
If the fundsare given to the CSU system, the tuition spike will lower to
thelevel they currently are.

Unless the CSU receives that funding,full-time undergraduates will pay $5,970
per year beginning in the2012-13 school year. This is before the cost of room
and board, andother living expenses.

CSU spokesman Erik Fallis said the continuedcuts to the CSU system have had an
effect on operations, programsand services, which makes up for half of the
state's cuts - theother half covered by tuition increased.

"An erosion of programs and services means atsome point it becomes a question of
if you can have affordable andaccess without quality. Are you providing students
with an adequateeducation?" Fallis said.

The hikes in tuition were followed immediatelyby student protest. Three CSU
students were arrested in connectionto a protest that erupted during a CSU Board
of Trustees meeting.One week later, multiple UC Davis students were
pepper-sprayed forprotesting on their campus.

Sac State art professor notexpected to receive tenure

Sacramento State art professor Evri Kwongexpects to be terminated after spring
2012, but his students arestepping in to fight for him to be granted tenure.

On a tenure track since 2005, Kwong has beenteaching beginning to intermediate
painting and drawing. He isscheduled to teach next spring, but Sac State
officials could notcomment on if he would be teaching following that - due to it
beinga personnel matter.

A Facebook page, "Give Evri Kwong Tenure" wascreated by Sac State student Cat
Xia, senior art studio major,along with a petition on www.petitionsite.com
addressed to ProvostJoseph Sheley, requesting Kwong be granted tenure.

"I began the petition because (Kwong) wouldtalk about his situation and I
thought it was wrong," Xia said."He's an awesome professor."

The Facebook page has 63 fans and the petitionhas been signed by 34 students.
Xia said her goal is 50signatures.

Aside from students, Kwong counts among hissupporters The Asian American Art
Center in New York City,Congresswoman Doris Matsui, and U.C. Hastings School of
LawChancellor Frank Wu.

"There were people from the art world andpeople who know my work saying my
situation is ridiculous," Kwongsaid.

Drug availabilty on campusincreases

Increases in the accessibility of marijuana,Adderall and Ritalin have led to a
few of these substances beingfound more commonly on Sacramento State students,
according to the2011 Clery Act Report.

In 2009, a total of 40 illegal drug-relatedreferrals were reported by the
Sacramento State Police Department.By comparison, the total number of referrals
in 2008 was 22. In2010, those numbers have balanced to 30 referrals.

The number has plateaued over the years, butthe percentage of young adults ages
18 to 25 who said they had usedillicit drugs in the one-month span was a mere
19.6 percent in2008, according to a national survey, according to the
2010National Survey on Drug Use and Health.

"If the person is a student, officerstypically would also make a referral to
Student Affairs," Christiansaid. "It also depends on the amount of the drug in
the person'spossession (in the case of possession for sales), whether they
werein a motor vehicle, or if they were under the influence at the timeof
contact."

Adderall has also become a booming drug forcollege students, which is intended
for patients with AttentionDeficit Hyperactivity Disorder - to help them focus.

CSUS fails to live up toacademic honesty policy

Sacramento State's newest academic honestypolicy was edited seven years ago and
implemented into coursesyllabi; however, it has not been taken seriously since
the changeswere made.

Starting with a teacher's complaint in May2002, Student Affairs officials and
the Academic StandardsCommittee looked to update Sac State's academic honesty
policy.

The change was made to reinforce the agedpolicy because it had not been updated
since 1990. The old policydid not explicitly outline the process for addressing
cases ofplagiarism, which left many professors and departments to createtheir
own policies.

The new policy centralizes the consequences toone particular office in order to
stay consistent university-wide.It also was implemented to improve transparency
in the amount ofacademic honesty cases reported at Sac State.

However, required statistical reports on thenumber and types of Sac State'
academic honesty cases have neverbeen submitted - going against a rule written
into the finalrevision of the policy.

When asked about the lack of reports, VicePresident of Student Affairs Lori
Varlotta said the policy wasbeing rewritten again and it did not make sense to
begin compilingthe reports at this time.

Due to this, Sac State officials were unableto provide data on the number of
cases that Student Affairsprocesses annually, but there is evidence to suggest
that it issignificantly less than the amount at UC Davis.

Reports also showed that even when students atSac State are sanctioned for
plagiarism, some of the punishmentsare more subjective and more lenient than
other universities.

Veterans face issues whenreturning from overseas

Sacramento State's admissions are at ready forU.S. veterans returning from Iraq
and Afghanistan next year,preparing to make vets a priority for enrollment.

In 2010, the California State Universitysystem has 4,282 enrolled veterans, and
instituted a statewideinitiative where a total of 118 slots will be reserved for
activeduty or veteran service members.

Sac State is a desirable geographic locationbecause of the proximity of Beale
and Travis Air Force bases,Mather Coast Guard, Army Recruiting Command and
because it featurestwo ROTC programs.

Former President George W. Bush in 2008 signedthe Post-9/11 GI Bill, which pays
for tuition costs and a monthlyhousing allowance, making school a reality for
many veterans.

The CSU instituted a statewide initiativewhere a total of 118 slots - five at
each campus and eight at SanDiego State, will be reserved for active duty or
veteran servicemembers.

"The CSU will continue to encourage veteransto take advantage of the myriad of
programs and services that guideveterans toward gaining a degree and aid them in
integrating backinto civilian life," said CSU Spokeswoman Stephanie Thara.

Class-action lawsuit filedover fall 2009 tuition increase

Approximately 175,000 students, including mostSacramento State students who
enrolled for the fall 2009 semester,have received emails in the past month
informing them of theirpotential involvement in a class-action lawsuit filed
against theCalifornia State University Board of Trustees.

The case is based on students who enrolled infall 2009 were billed for tuition
and had to pay on anotheroccasion when the price increased, as well as graduate
businessprograms at any CSU campus during the time, and had to pay fees ontwo
occasions.

Students enrolled in fall 2009, with someexceptions, are automatically included
in this class-actionlawsuit. If the plaintiffs win, the entire class will be
refundedthe increased tuition price of $336 charged to students.

Russell Preston and Kaitlin Bruce can be reached at anews@statehornet.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                      The Campus: City College of New York

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday

My Occupy Wall Street

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 396 words


One student changed his mind about the movement.

by Siddiq Mohammed.

When Occupy Wall Street began, I was very doubtful about it. The movement seemed
very disorganized. But before Zuccotti Park got dismantled, I visited, which
completely changed my mind. I was also moved when I saw protesters stand against
the tuition hikes with the students from City College.

Some news outlets only report the negative and violent things about the Occupy
movement. But what I saw was a very peaceful and motivating demonstration.
During my visit to Zuccotti Park I came across many protestors who had nothing
but good things to say about the cops and vice versa.

A man who referred to himself as "the safest man in New York City," said
"there's always that one person who messes it up for us. The cops are really
cool and I'm glad they are here."

Many law enforcement officers seemed to feel the same way too. One officer I
spoke to said he thinks it's a great thing that these people are doing even
though he doesn't know much about it.

Still, others, especially those who live in the area near the park, disagree.
Jeff Gary said he believes that the protestors need to go home. "I think for two
months they disrupted life and I'm not happy with that," Gary said, before being
cut off by a group of protestors. One of the demonstrators shouted "get out of
here" to Gary, saying he doesn't belong there.

For the most part, though, things were peaceful. The rules around the park were
very strict. For example you were not allowed to bring a musical instrument
inside the park. One man walked in with a trumpet and was thrown out by a group
of park people and officers. The man then stood outside and blew his trumpet and
said, "I blow it much softer in there than I do out here."

As it got later on in the day more and more people began to show up. After 7pm,
more than 200 people were present in the park. Most showed up for the meeting
scheduled to discuss any updates about the protest.

The leaders and speakers did not have megaphones or microphones to amplify their
voices; instead they used the people: Every time the speaker would finish a
sentence, a group of people would repeat what he or she said, then another group
would do so.

I'm glad I was proven wrong about the Occupy Wall Street movement. I learned
that sometimes you need to experience something before you can make a judgment
on it.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             The California Aggie: University of California - Davis

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Column: Meet your martyr

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 617 words


I tend to learn the rules so I know how to break them properly.

If the Dalai Lama, a pretty religious guy, subscribes to this belief, I don't
see why I, a mere mortal, can't do so as well. For the next three weeks, I'll be
writing on the three topics your parents forbade you to discuss at the dinner
table, the Bermuda triangle of taboos: religion, sex and politics.

Just this past weekend, three Tibetan monks practiced self-immolation by setting
themselves on fire in opposition to Beijing's rule in Tibet. The deaths, which
bring the total number of suicides to 15 in the last year, suggest China
continues to grapple with quelling Tibetans' demands for religious license.

That Buddhist monks were so devoted to their cause - up to the point of paying
the ultimate price - is as mystifying for us as eating cheese-flavored corn
probably is to them.

Physically dying for one's convictions is less a Western world ritual than it is
an Eastern one. I personally don't yet care enough about a topic, a movement or
an event to purge myself of all feeling. Sure, I get upset and have strong
opinions, but if it came down to it I wouldn't die for that belief.

Others at UC Davis, however, may already be set enough in their convictions.
When watching the now-infamous video footage of those who refused to budge
during the protests, even while being pepper sprayed, I couldn't help but ask,
"How come they aren't getting up yet?"

While these protests were less extreme versions of what is now occurring in
Asia, occupiers believed in a cause enough to withstand abuse, similar to the
Buddhist clergy members willing to down themselves in gasoline and spark a flame
against religious regulation.

Religion hadn't actually crossed my mind for a while until I was reminded of it
in the wee hours of the morning at the airport over break. Besides being
surprised to learn that Johnny Rockets Burgers now serves breakfast, I was
perhaps equally startled to see a lonesome boy about my age (18, for all the
bachelors interested) say grace before attempting to digest powdered eggs and
imitation bacon.

I think I forgot for a moment that young adults don't only bow their heads
towards newfangled gadgets. From that moment on, the idea of faith seemed to
dwell in my brain just as persistently as a split end on a fly hair.

God kept knocking on my door, practically disrupting the furniture of my inner
house, when someone told me a quasi-Bible story about a boy who was whipped for
stealing an apple. She ended, almost dramatically, with the question: "If the
boy ought to be whipped for one apple, what do we deserve for our sins?"

I don't think the answer is self-immolation, but it does lie in a sort of
metaphysical sacrifice. We need to hold fast to our beliefs, knowing there may
be difficult consequences or unfortunate endings.

The major problems the world faces today often appear too intimidating to be
addressed. An overarching feeling of resignation abounds, and most are consumed
by the personal desire to simply do well in their pursuits. However, we are
becoming an ever more disengaged and detached generation.

My column, unofficially titled "Peripheral Vision," will begin to reconstruct
the dialogues that appeal to our incubating passions. Global matters seem to
have little significance in how we college students presently conduct our lives,
but it is the habit of taking a critical look at how decisions are made that is
the antidote to the disaffected attitude our generation is tending towards.

If we cannot take interest in news as accessible as The Aggie, the task to look
beyond ourselves will only get harder.

Lose yourself in CHELSEA MEHRA's Bermuda triangle by contacting her at
cmehra@ucdavis.edu

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                           The Post: Ohio University

                           January 18, 2012 Wednesday

Between the Lines: SOPA will infringe our First Amendment rights

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 520 words


I hope you don't plan on using the Internet today because you're going to have a
hard time getting anywhere. Several websites are going dark in protest against
the Stop Online Piracy Act (or better known as SOPA), and the buzz says there
are more to come.

The list includes Wikipedia, Reddit, Imgur, TwitPic, icanhasCheezburger Network
and WordPress.org. Dare I say it, but Facebook and Twitter are rumored to go
black, too.

For those of you who don't know, SOPA is a House bill that would protect online
trafficking and copyright websites' intellectual property. Sounds nice, right? A
bill that is going to protect entrepreneurship and innovation. With our current
economy and increasing globalization, now, more than ever, the U.S. needs to
protect its intelligence and innovation. But if you dig deeper into the bill,
you'll learn there is a lot more to it.

SOPA is similar to the Internet censorship China uses, putting a large amount of
censorship on websites we use daily.

Almost anything we upload to sites like Vimeo, Facebook, Esty or any of the ones
mentioned above (and many more) is liable for copyright and to go through
Internet censorship. Most importantly to us, it will take a big hit on social
media. So if a site allows us to upload to it, it is liable for infringement.
There will be no more adding videos of your roommate belting out Lady Gaga, no
more Facebook creeping on your ex-best friend and no more Google searching where
you'll be going for spring break if SOPA is passed.

I really encourage you to do your own research on the matter; you can learn a
lot more than I am able to tell you in a few hundred words. But, the fact of the
matter is SOPA is wrong and unconstitutional. This is a lose-lose situation for
us. Websites are punished for facilitating it, and we'll be in trouble for
uploading and posting it. It stifles innovators and the only social networks we
frequently interact with.

The bill is apparently supposed to protect innovation in our country from online
piracy. But that's just what it sounds like it's doing. It's the government
giving them the power to constantly scrutinize and monitor what we put on the
Internet and social networks.

America is known for its ingenuity and revolutions, and SOPA will outlaw that.
Entrepreneurs and startups will struggle even more against corporations that
already dominate our economy. The bill will make Internet censorship the new
norm. If you care about your freedom of speech, you won't support SOPA.

Luckily, we're not alone. President Barack Obama also said he would not support
the bill. Add him to the list of websites, companies and other American
citizens, and we have a pretty good collection of powerful people against the
bill. But, that may not be enough. We'll need your support, too.

And if I haven't convinced you that SOPA is a flat out breach of our freedom,
imagine sitting down and doing a cram session with Wikipedia for that research
paper you have due tomorrow. It won't happen.

Cori Sherman is the Associate Editor atThe Post and a senior studying
journalism. If you stand against SOPA too, email her at cs182407@ohiou.edu

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                       The Criterion: Mesa State College

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday

SOPA/PIPA Postponed

BYLINE: Stephanie Summar

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 765 words


ssummar@mavs.coloradomesa.edu

For students with last-minute research papers or burning questions about
anything from Bono to the Roman Catholic Diocese, Wikipedia's blackout last week
came as something of a slap in the face. The blackout, a protest coordinated
with similar action on other major sites, caused waves online and brought
attention to proposed legislation in Congress. Supporters and detractors of the
House's Stop Online Piracy Act and the Senate's Protect IP Act , including CMU
students, engaged in dialogue that spurred congressional action.

"SOPA and PIPA were designed to give the U.S. authority to shut down websites,
which are accused of providing access to intellectual property without
permission of authors and publishers," Mass Communication instructor Adam
Cochran said.

In the past, American media companies have fought piracy by asking the
government to shut down U.S.-based sites that facilitate infringement, seeking
assistance from Internet service providers (ISPs) like Comcast in blocking
subscribers, and by suing individuals. These tactics are ineffective for
overseas sites like The Pirate Bay and MegaUpload.

SOPA and PIPA, introduced in October and May, respectively, initially contained
provisions allowing ISPs to prevent customers from accessing sites with
histories of copyright infringement. This was met with enough resistance from
industry security experts that the provision was dropped from both bills. The
bills also allowed media companies to seek court orders prohibiting advertisers
and search engines to do business with the sites, removing funding and traffic.

Proponents of the legislation believe it will protect jobs in media industries
and provide a stronger enforcement tool for copyright infringement. Detractors
believe the bill has the power shut down large domains when the fault lies with
a single web page, and that it will endanger First Amendment rights by censoring
information online.

While the bills received support from members of the entertainment industry and
even cosmetic and pharmaceutical companies like Revlon and Pfizer, which have a
vested interest in preventing the sale of other counterfeit products, the
overall reaction in the tech sector was negative. Many felt the proposed
legislation was too vague, especially when it came to sites with user-generated
content, which would have to police users' behavior. Monitoring already happens
on large sites like YouTube, but it could make things difficult for start-up
sites.

"Piracy and IP protection are serious issues," Cochran said. "I think that
radicals are the only ones who argue that piracy should not be punished. On the
other hand, the music and movie industries error by defining every act of
distribution of copyrighted material as a lost sale. In some cases, there is a
thin line between piracy and promotion."

Some of the most salient considerations in the SOPA/PIPA dialogue came from a
surprising source.

"I think Justin Bieber actually had some good points on this topic in his
arguments against SOPA," Cochran said. "Bieber became famous by singing covers
of copyrighted music. He did not get permission from the artists and he posted
the videos to YouTube. Under SOPA, this would have potentially been a criminal
act that could have allowed the government to punish Bieber, YouTube and
Google."

The Electronic Frontier Foundation, a non-profit digital rights advocacy group,
confirmed that the protest was the largest in Internet history, with over
115,000 sites altering their pages in some way. Locally, many students adjusted
their Facebook and Twitter profile pictures to reflect their opposition to the
bills. On January 20, SOPA's author, Representative Lamar Smith, announced his
plans to postpone drafting the bill until "wider agreement could be reached."
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid postponed PIPA on January 18 for similar
reasons.

The same day SOPA failed, MegaUpload's founder Kim Dotcom was arrested for
copyright infringement in his New Zealand mansion after retreating with a gun to
a safe room. According to the FBI, Dotcom made $42 million from infringing
copyrighted material in 2010 alone and is now being prosecuted in one of the
largest copyright cases in history.

"SOPA and PIPA failed because they were very poor ideas," Cochran said. "It
should be noted that on the exact day that Congress officially killed both acts,
one of the largest sources of pirated content was shut down by the Justice
Department. Hopefully both citizens and Congress will ask why they need
SOPA-like legislation, if the U.S. already has this power."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Columbia Chronicle: Columbia College

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

MPAA's blackout criticism a complete joke

BYLINE: Luke Wilusz

SECTION: ARTS-CULTURE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 439 words


Wikipedia, Reddit and hundreds of other websites participated in a massive
Internet blackout Jan. 18 to protest the Stop Online Piracy Act and the Protect
Intellectual Property Act, which would effectively allow the U.S. government to
censor the Internet and take down websites without due process. The sites went
offline for a day and were replaced with notices meant to inform visitors about
the bills and raise awareness about the threat they pose to our First Amendment
rights.

On Jan. 17, the day before the planned blackouts, Chris Dodd, a former senator
and current chairman of the Motion Picture Association of America, issued a
statement in which he called the blackouts "an abuse of power" and an attempt by
the sites to "incite their users in order to further their corporate
interests."After several days, I'm still not sure whether that statement should
make me laugh or rage at my monitor. The sheer audacity required to make such a
statement without the slightest hint of irony or sarcasm is almost beyond my
comprehension.

These anti-piracy laws have been fueled by corporate lobby groups since their
inception and put on a fast track to passage in an attempt to prevent further
revenue losses for large media companies. The fact that these bills could spell
the end of a free and open Internet doesn't seem to matter to the most vocal
advocates, all of whom seem to have some sort of connection to the film,
recording or software industries. But that, apparently, is in no way an abuse of
power for the sake of corporate interests, and we'll never hear any criticism
about it from the MPAA.

And yet, when a site like Wikipedia-which is run by a nonprofit organization,
edited by a worldwide community of volunteers and funded primarily with user
donations-raises awareness about the issue, that's just crossing the line. It's
apparently OK to throw heaps of money at legislators when you want things to go
your way, but keeping millions of regular citizens whose lives could be affected
by these bills informed and motivating them to speak up is unacceptable.

Luckily, there's been tremendous backlash against the bills from people without
corporate interests, if the 4.5 million people who signed Google's Jan. 18
anti-SOPA petition are any indication. Many legislators began to reconsider
their opinions after the protests before ultimately putting a halt on the
legislation. Both SOPA and PIPA have been put on hold until a more agreeable
solution is found.

This victory has, at least temporarily, restored my faith in the idea that our
whole legislative system isn't one gigantic, corporately-controlled farce just
yet.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Towers: Worcester Polytechnic Institute

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Wisconsin governor Walker faces recall

BYLINE: John Schaeffer Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 738 words


After months of political theater and posturing, Democrats in Wisconsin last
Tuesday collected enough signatures to initiate a recall election against Scott
Walker, the Republican governor of the state.
In Wisconsin, as is the case with most states in the United States, governors
are elected for four-year terms, with elections occurring on a fixed schedule.
Events in the state that have unfolded since shortly after Walker's inauguration
in January 2011 have led to an upset in the normal system. Rather than
potentially run for office again in 2014, the governor could find his political
position in jeopardy as early as this June by way of the recall. In a recall
election, citizens have the opportunity to remove a politician by popular vote
before that politician has finished his or her term.


The recall election campaign was largely sparked by a battle over legislation
concerning public-sector unions in Wisconsin. In many states, workers' unions
have the right to use collective bargaining - a process where a union of many
workers is legally the same as one entity - to negotiate wages and benefits.
Democrats and other liberal groups have historically championed collective
bargaining as a way to ensure workers' rights and check employee abuse, while
Republicans and conservatives argue it leads to excess budgetary strain as well
as overspending on workers' benefits.In February of 2011, Governor Walker
proposed a bill that would, in addition to mandating changes to benefits and
pensions for public-sector union workers, largely eliminate
collective-bargaining rights among unions. A series of protests and the
departure of Democratic state senators from the state prevented the passage of
the bill until March, when the largely Republican senate passed a modified
version with no Democrats present.
Furthering the controversy, legal challenges prevented the bill from going into
effect for months. The bill was struck down in May of 2011 by Judge Maryann
Sumi, but then brought back in June after her ruling was overturned by the
Wisconsin Supreme Court. Since then, the Democrats have started on a series of
recall elections, starting with six Republican state senators ? two of whom were
recalled ? and moving up to the governor himself.
Momentum built rapidly once the Democrats announced they would attempt to
initiate a recall election against Walker. In Wisconsin, the process could only
begin if enough signatures - 25% of the total number of votes in the previous
election - were gathered from state residents within 60 days of the official
start of the recall effort.
Democrats were able to gather 500,000 signatures less than a month after the
campaign began in November. As of last Tuesday, Democrats announced that they
had gathered a much larger total of one million signatures; that amounts to
roughly double the required 540,208 signatures required to initiate the
elections.
Wisconsin is not the only state where collective bargaining rights have been the
subject of extensive controversy. Other states enacted their own restrictions on
collective bargaining after the Wisconsin bill passed, including Massachusetts.
Responses have been varied across states. While the Massachusetts law to limit
collective bargaining rights has remained on the books, Ohio's far more
stringent version was overturned by voters by referendum in November of 2011.
Wisconsin is the first state, however, where the opposition has managed to
initiate a recall campaign against the governor over the issue.
The implications of a successful recall election against Governor Walker could
be profound. Only two other states - North Dakota in 1921 and California in 2003
- have had their governors removed through such a procedure. People from across
the nation have been drawn into the debacle, which has been seen in the past
months as a microcosm of the growing split between conservative and liberal
interests in the current American political climate.
For now, the main task is counting and verifying the one million signatures that
the Democrats have brought before the Wisconsin government. The Government
Accountability Board has been charged with this task, spending the next few
weeks and months painstakingly counting each line and verifying the authenticity
of voters who want to see the election go through. For the rest of the nation's
- and WPI's - onlookers, the live webcam feed of the action will need to
suffice.


LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             The California Aggie: University of California - Davis

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Column: On my SOPA box

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 652 words


I have a hard time trusting technology companies. That doesn't mean, mind you,
that I trust Congress. It's just that we're conditioned to distrust the people
we inevitably elect. Tech firms, by contrast, are more often the objects of our
praise and wonder. They're supposed to be on our side. But the difference
between the rhetoric of tech giants and its supporters as both protest SOPA, the
Stop Online Piracy Act, has introduced a nuance that calls that praise into
question.

Big internet is concerned that the bill's creators don't understand the
"architecture of the internet" enough to anticipate the implications of the
legislation. People like you and me, who use Google, Wikipedia, Reddit,
Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and so on, have begun to paint SOPA in the image of
young versus old. Between us of the Internet Generation, and them, the other who
cannot, for the life of them figure out how to "get on the Facebook." It's our
generation that re-framed SOPA as the Stupid Old People Act.

That discursive split between tech giants and the Internet Generation is not so
much about corporate politeness as it is indicative of an ominous dichotomy
between the two. Tech giants aren't really against the aged - they're opposed to
those who don't understand their craft getting in the way of it.

It is we (who put the "us" in "users") who are including ourselves among those
in league with tech giants. Some of us are accomplishing this by way of explicit
technopeagentry, whereupon we brand ourselves with gadgets. Some of us are
trying to learn the levers of the platforms we adore. In this latter group, over
300,000 people in the first seven days of the New Year signed up for the
start-up CodeAcademy's computer programming lessons. If these companies are the
architects of the internet, I'm afraid there's a cult of exclusivity growing
among those who hold the blueprints.

Take Google. While they've done their part to index and open the internet as a
searchable reference, the company is famous for a strong insider-outsider
culture. Ex-Google engineer Douwe Osinga wrote last year that internally, most
information is open-access. When you leave, though, it's a bit like leaving a
"walled garden."

Another undercovered story in the tech world this week peered into the elusive
world of Apple through the eyes of Fortune Magazine editor Adam Lashinsky. He
compares the company to a terrorist cell for the way it operates on a
need-to-know basis. Among other leaks, he writes that Apple holds secret
meetings, locks are frequently changed, windows are painted over in black and
undercover company spies stake out in nearby bars to sniff out loose lips.

I'm as opposed to SOPA and PIPA as the next Facebook worm or Twitter twit, but I
think there's reason to pause when any powerful group begins to cloister itself.
Tech giants are on our side today because we're a mobile base of political
support. The trouble here is that I don't know what to do to push back when
their interests and our interests are no longer the same.

For example, Google's secrecy takes a turn for the awkward when you learn that
Google and the CIA jointly funded a firm that believes it can predict the
future, or that Google has built and sold to the national intelligence agencies
the infrastructure they use for indexing information. This makes you wonder who
Google's "don't be evil" motto is directed toward.

Since the beginning of the new year, Facebook has been demoing a new development
that brings advertising into the main newsfeed section as "Sponsored Stories" -
as if the advertisements were coming from our friends. As with all previous
changes, Zuckerberg and Co. got a lot of heat for the implement. But just like
all other the other changes Facebook makes, it's probably here to stay.

What do you do when the user becomes the used?

You can electronically mail your correspondence to RAJIV NARAYAN at
rrnarayan@ucdavis.edu

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Columbia Chronicle: Columbia College

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Chicago passes new restrictions, guidelines for public assembly

BYLINE: Chris Loeber

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 520 words


Brent Louis THE CHRONICLE

The City Council has passed amendments to the ordinance that dictates how
Chicago handles public assemblies, a move that city officials defend as
appropriate and fair. However, those who disagree say it may limit First
Amendment rights.

In preparation for demonstrations anticipated during the upcoming May G8 and
NATO summits, the decision was made by the City Council Jan. 18 to update
Chicago's decades-old parade ordinance. The administration contends that the
changes will streamline the permit application process and protect the rights of
free speech and peaceful assembly for traditional parades in Chicago.

"Chicago is home to many diverse cultures and communities that celebrate their
heritage with a variety of parades in different neighborhoods," said Mayor Rahm
Emanuel in a written statement. "Adopting this ordinance helps ensure that
parades with long-standing ties to their communities continue, and at the same
time it ensures that public assemblies do not face penalties if they suddenly
become parades as residents exercise their rights to freedom of speech."Tom
Alexander, spokesman for the Mayor's Office, said the ordinance has not been
reviewed in 40 years.

"I think the mayor felt like it was time-we all felt like it was time-to
re-examine these laws and make sure they were modern, thoughtful and appropriate
ordinances," Alexander said. "This is going to accomplish two things: protecting
peoples' First Amendment right to assemble and keeping the city safe."Amendments
to the ordinance were passed with a 45-4 City Council vote. The changes include
a restriction on the use of sound-amplification devices from10 p.m. - 8 a.m.

Other modifications include a waiver on fees and insurance, proof of which is
normally required to obtain a permit, if such requirements would limit
FirstAmendment rights.

David Orlikoff, a recent Columbia graduate and member of the Occupy Chicago
Press Committee, said the ordinance changes are for the purpose of establishing
laws that marginalize protesters rather than protecting First Amendment rights.

In Section 3 of the parade ordinance, a minor change to the wording of a
sentence that defines a "large parade" may give the city more flexibility than
it used to have by potentially identifying public assemblies as large parades
and therefore apply the restrictions outlined in the ordinance, Orlikoff said.

"It is a clear example of the shock doctrine and what happened with the Bush
regime after 9/11," he said. "It is using G8 and NATO as an excuse to advance a
totalitarian agenda and to achieve executive power."

Occupy Chicago is planning to coordinate its protests with other Occupy
movements throughout the country during the summits, said Mike Herbert, a member
of the Housing Committee at Occupy Chicago.

Orlikoff said the movement has established a working group to facilitate
cooperation between Occupy Chicago and other protest groups, but it will not
assume a leadership role or control the efforts of other demonstrators.

"We do not yet have a specific schedule of actions for what we are doing at NATO
and G8," Orlikoff said.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Brock Press: Brock University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

News Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 951 words


Outgoing NRP chief gives controversial speech

Niagara Regional Police (NRP) Chief Wendy Southall gave a speech on Jan. 25
during the 2011 Niagara Women in Business Awards regarding her time as the first
female, first civilian and longest-serving police chief in the NRP's history.
Southall, in her speech, fired back at those who said that she "wouldn't last a
year" in the position and said that they could "kiss my royal chief's A-S-S as I
retire [this spring] as the longest-serving chief in the 41-year history of the
NRP," has garnered criticism from such people as St. Catharines Mayor Brian
McMullan. Southall became chief in 2004, after serving on the Niagara Regional
Police services board, and clashed frequently through her career with members of
the NRP administration who resisted her rise to power.

Passport Canada to open office in Pen Centre

On April 30, Passport Canada will be opening its new, 720 square-meter office in
the Pen Centre - after closing its current location in the Landmark Building on
Church Street. According to a Passport Canada representative speaking to the St.
Catharines Standard, the move will be conducted without any interruption to
service, and was prompted by the impending expiration of the current lease on
the property and the need for additional work space. The new location will have
20 additional seats in its waiting area and five additional counters, bringing
the totals up to 70 and 14 respectively. The new office will replace the
now-defunct McDuff's Mini Golf Area, which is beside the movie theatre. An
elevator will be installed near the staircase to allow wheelchair access.

Prominent lawyer calls for Toronto police chief to be investigated

Clayton Ruby, a Toronto lawyer, Order of Canada member and former Treasurer of
the Law Society of Upper Canada, filed an official complaint with the Office of
the Independent Police Review Director on Jan. 25 - which called for an
investigation into what role, if any, Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair played in
the illegal arrest of Jason Wall at the G20 protests in Toronto. Wall was
arrested for "wearing a disguise with intent" after being caught wearing a
bandana while at the protest. On Sept. 7, 2011 the OIPRD concluded that the
arrest, which was prompted by an upper-level order to detain anyone wearing a
bandana, had been illegal. The investigation is meant to determine if the order
to arrest bandana-wearers had come from Blair.

Parking ticket discounts to be discontinued

St. Catharines City Council has recently ended the long-time practice of
offering a discount on traffic tickets that have been paid early. The discount,
which was offered to entice people to pay their fines promptly instead of
waiting until the last minute and costing the city extra money on paperwork, was
cancelled after Councillors argued that it was ineffective, citing the low rate
at which the discount was used. Under the old system, the fine for parking at an
expired meter would have been reduced from $12 to $9, $36 instead of $48 for
parking on a sidewalk and $50 instead of $75 for parking on a fire route. The
prices will now be fixed at the standard, higher rates regardless of when the
ticket is paid.

New arrests in phone hacking scandal

On Jan. 28, British police arrested four journalists and a police officer and
searched the offices of Rupert Murdoch's News International company as part of
their inquiry into illegal phone hacking scandal which surfaced during the
summer of 2011. The arrests are part of a large investigation in corrupt
practices between journalists and police. Further investigation may determine if
Murdoch, the President of the Fox Broadcasting Corporation will also be
implicated as well. The journalists were reported to be members of the the
popular tabloid owned by News International, the British branch of the News
Corp. media group.

"The Barefoot Bandit" receives six-year sentence

A federal judge sentenced Colton "The Barefoot Bandit" Harris-Moore to
six-and-a-half years in prison on Jan. 27 for an infamous string of thefts and
burglaries. The 20-year-old Washington native became famous for his ability to
evade authorities and his daring thefts of everything from sports cars to speed
boats and even small airplanes. Harris-Moore got his nickname by leaving 39
chalk footprints and the phrase "C-ya" at one of his crime scenes. The Barefoot
Bandit has over 50,000 fans on Facebook and even a movie deal based on his life.

Powerful solar storms blast Earth

The Earth is being bombarded by high-energy particles unleashed by the strongest
solar storm since 2005, scientists say. Solar flares are caused by the sudden
release of magnetic energy stored in the Sun's atmosphere. The charged particles
are mostly a concern for satellites disruption and astronauts. But, they can
also cause communication problems for aircraft travelling near the North and
South Poles. Effects of geo-magnetic storms such as these are often benign,
however they have caused power outages in the past. This will allow people in
more southern parts of North America to see the Northern Lights.

UN nuclear team arrives in Iran

A United Nations nuclear team arrived in Tehran, Iran on Jan. 29 for a mission
expected to focus on Iran's alleged attempt to develop nuclear weapons. Tehran
had refused to discuss the alleged weapons experiments for years, and claimed
that allegedly fabricated documents provided by the United States and its allies
were the reasons behind the investigation. Deputy Director General Herman
Nackaerts, who is in charge of the Iranian nuclear file bluntly urged Tehran to
cooperate and work with the UN to resolve the international that has caused
international fear and concern.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 348 DOCUMENTS


            The Michigan Review: University of Michigan - Ann Arbor

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

Tourists deported due to tweets

BYLINE: Jonathan Rosenhan

SECTION: BLOG; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 272 words


Twitter has reached a milestone. A milestone that is perhaps far more
astonishing than contributing to the death of SOPA and PIPA, rallying for
political candidates, leading protests, or keeping the populace up to date on
Kim Kardashian's latest endeavors. Twitter had gotten two tourists deported.

In the weeks prior to their flight to Los Angeles Airport, Leigh Van Bryan and
Emily Bunting tweeted about their plans to "destroy America" and "dig up Marilyn
Monroe". When the two tried to enter the U.S, they were flagged, taken into
custody, and denied tourist visas. While this fiasco was escalating, the two
attempted to explain that "destroy" was simply foreign slang for partying hard,
and that the grave digging joke was simply a referring to The Family Guy.
Federal agents remained skeptical, so they sent the two on a flight back to
where they had came from.

Although this story is fairly hilarious, I can almost see myself taking comfort
in this. Usually, I'm against the government going to absurd lengths to secure
our safety in odd places (social media, in this case), since such efforts almost
always end in extensive failures that don't even respect our rights. According
to reports, a concerned citizen reported the tweets, which shows that the
Department of Homeland Security needs to take context into mind when monitoring
social media. Regardless, it is somewhat incredible that they were able to track
this.

Ultimately, it seems that while the government has our best interests in mind,
they certainly need to examine issues with common sense rather than angst before
they go about deporting innocent vacationers.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     Chicago Maroon: University of Chicago

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

For costumed activists, all the Court's a stage

BYLINE: Linda Qiu

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 501 words


Donning suits and alter egos, a handful of students took a comical slant toward
community activism on Friday afternoon, staging an "alternative version" of the
Hyatt Hotel's November groundbreaking at Harper Court on East 52nd Street.

Photo: Courtesy of the South Side Solidarity NetworkFourth-year Brita Hofwolt
(pictured right with the megaphone) and third-year Molly Cunningham (pictured
right with the orange and blue scarf) stage a mock groundbuilding at the Harper
Court construction site in protest of the Hyatt Hotels' labor practices.
Organizing with the Southside Solidarity Network , a troupe of costumed
parodists mocked University bureaucrats and hotel executives, joined by roughly
40 community and student activists protesting the hotel chain's labor policies.

Protesters emphasized that the parody was not anti-development but was rather a
call for "University accountability to the community," according to fourth-year
SSN member Brita Hofwolt.

"We weren't trying to make a huge statement about the actual construction of the
Hyatt. The parody nature of the event was designed to expose how the University
has made a lot of deals with the Hyatt that hven't really been inclusive of the
University community as a whole and the Hyde Park community as a whole,"
fourth-year SSN member Ross Carstens said.

The demonstration was part of SSN's ongoing campaign against the Hyatt at the
Harper Court site. Carstens said that Hyatt's poor track record of fair labor
practices was the motivation behind Friday's publicity event. Last November,
Hyatt and Hilton employees spoke about unfair working conditions at different
hotels throughout the city at a "teach-in" with students hosted by SSN.

Hofwolt said that SSN was seeking "an agreement signed between the business and
the union that will make the whole organizing process fairer and less
aggressively pro-business." The groundbreaking lampoon was not intended to be an
anti-development effort, she added.

Carstens said that students had an obligation to stand up for Hyatt workers.

"The University is building this Hyatt, in a sense, for the students," he said.
"It's immoral for us to stand by and see a company who sees its employees as
less than people come in and service our needs."

Among the caricatures depicted in the scripted parody were Una Placenta, a
female hotel developer, and Bobby Bureaucrat, a University official played by
Hofwolt who was well-versed in "doublespeak."

"This wonderful development really brings things that represent the Hyde Park
spirit, like a L.A. Fitness!" Hofwolt said, in character as Bureaucrat.

The parody also included a staged "community takeover," where Pastor Ken Beckman
of Augustana Lutheran Church and an employee of Palmer House Hilton voiced their
own objections. A reception at Southside Hub of Production (SHoP) followed the
"groundbuilding."

The Hyatt demonstration was the first in a series of "action-receptions" that
will combine demonstrations with discussions addressing South Side social
issues.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              The Collegian: California State University - Fresno

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Anti-piracy bill isn't sunk yet

BYLINE: Dalton Runberg

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 537 words



Dalton Runberg
Webmaster

George Orwell's prediction of "Big Brother" may become a reality after all with
the emergence of a handful of new pieces of legislation making their way through
Congress.

The recent Stop Online Piracy Act in the House was - at least until the vote on
it was postponed by scared-straight legislators - meant to block websites from
spreading copyrighted material, such as music, movies, television shows and
photos.

The bill is well-intentioned, but flawed in its execution. We all know
downloading movies and music from the Internet is against the law, yet many
people continue to do it anyway, for various reasons.

Taking action against pirating sites is the intent of SOPA, but the bill is
going about it in the wrong manner. SOPA, in its current state, would block any
website that contains copyrighted material, period. This includes sites like
Facebook, YouTube, Tumblr, Twitter and Wikipedia. Because these websites host
copyrighted material, even though it is user-submitted, they would be in danger
of being shut down.

The problem with SOPA is that it is simply too broad.

Imagine the Internet as a vast ocean with pirates of the non-Internet variety on
it. Instead of taking out these pirate ships individually, SOPA is essentially
dropping a nuclear bomb on them, taking out everything else in its wake.

Under SOPA, advertisers would not be allowed to associate with these "rogue"
websites. Internet Service Providers would be forced to block these sites from
their customers, and sites like PayPal would be barred from conducting business
with them. Even search engines like Google would be banned from linking to
infringing websites. This is web censorship at its worst.

The worst part is that SOPA would not even accomplish what it intends to do,
while making a mess of everything else. Torrenting sites like The Pirate Bay
have expressed that they're not even worried about the bill. Since it's based
overseas, it has evaded shutdown since its inception and hasn't shown any signs
of slowing.

SOPA has generated much opposition from the general community as well as from
many big Internet players.

On Jan. 18, the Internet took up arms and protested the bill. Google put a large
black censor bar over its logo.Some high-profile sites, like Wikipedia and
Reddit, even chose to shut down their websites for the entire day with a
blackout protest. Dozens of other popular websites have expressed opposition as
well.

It appears to have worked. The Obama administration announced that it "will not
support legislation that reduces freedom of expression, increases cybersecurity
risk, or undermines the dynamic, innovative global Internet." Many
representatives in the House have changed their position due to such a large
negative public response to the bill.

For now, it appears that SOPA has been shelved. However, there are similar bills
headed into Congress that pose similar, if not worse threats. The
Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement and Protecting Children From Internet
Pornographers Act may contain language reminiscent of SOPA, but surreptitiously
earmarked in more publicly palatable bills. The fight for Internet freedom is
far from over.

Dalton Runberg is the webmaster of The Collegian.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              The Collegian: California State University - Fresno

                            January 29, 2012 Sunday

ASI senators should have passed the new code

SECTION: TOP OPINION STORY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 543 words


As The Collegian reported on Friday, Fresno State students passed a referendum
creating the position of Vice President of External Affairs by a vote of
268-202.

Consequently, the Senate failed to garner the necessary two-thirds majority vote
to pass an updated election code, which would have provided guidelines for
students campaigning for the position.

According to Associated Students, Inc. President Selena Farnesi, the new
election code will pass anyway on a technicality, but she was still enraged
enough to call the Senate an "embarrassment" for its obstruction.

We agree with Farnesi.

The senate should have passed the new election code. The three senators who
voted no - Jose Luis Nava, Victoria Partida and Oscar Perez - and those who
failed to show up to vote - Parmita Choudhury and Fernando Moreno, with Breannah
Evans showing up late - shirked their senatorial responsibilities.

Those who failed to participate in the vote have no excuses. This is a paid
position. The least they can do is show up for their job. If a state senator
failed to show up for a necessary vote, there would be consequences. As it
should be with the Senate.

Senators who failed to show up for a vote are committing an act that is
dishonorable to the very students who voted them into office.

Those who voted against the measure, however, weren't dishonorable - their
misguided sense of activism only hampered their supposed causes.

For this was clearly a protest vote: these senators did not like the result of
the referendum, so they aired their grievances in the Senate. Nava said as much
to The Collegian. For him, the referendum results were not representative of the
campus as a whole, and campaigns should be given more opportunity to advertise.

"I believe that here, at Fresno State, our elections are very limited," Nava
said. "Other CSU campuses are more, I guess you can say, democratic in the
essence of campaigning."

Besides the fact that all students are given the opportunity to vote, and that
they are reminded of this fact by the university in several emails prior to each
election, Nava's no vote did nothing to advance any democratic ideal in ASI
senatorial campaigning.

Had the new election code not passed on a technicality, the campaign for the new
position would be the only one not regulated by the school.

For every other ASI position there are rules to which each candidate must
adhere, such as how many campaign booths can be set up, where posters may be
placed and whether the candidate can use vehicles to campaign. For this new
position, there would be no rules. Indeed, the nominee would be able to freely
flaunt the rules in his or her attempt to get elected.

There would be an inherent unfairness to such a situation. It has a - dare we
say - undemocratic quality to it.

If these senators found this issue so pressing, they should have introduced a
new election code that would change the rules for each position, not merely
obstruct the passage of a new one.

While Farnesi's language is undoubtedly harsh, in this case, it may be
warranted.

Collegian editorials represent the views of the editorial staff, not necessarily
those of the faculty or the university. For news updates, links to articles and
more, follow The Collegian on Twitter @thecollegian.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The McGill Tribune: McGill University

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

The McGill Tribune Cunnyworth-less to Francophones

BYLINE: Trevor Drummond

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 699 words


I once lived in a city where French and English people poked fun at each other
regularly, with an exception occurring during a Habs game, where these two
cultural groups were able to put their differences aside for 60 minutes of
hockey. The Montreal Canadiens used to make the city proud, mainly because they
were so successful.

But then, on a cold December day in the dead of winter, we fired our perfectly
bilingual, but boring and robotic head coach, and replaced him with another
boring and robotic one who only speaks English. Suddenly, going to hockey games
was a much less peaceful affair among the two groups. The feeling in the arena
was as though new Head Coach Randy Cunneyworth was the devil coming to tell many
that 2012 would be the end of the world after all.

McGill University is predominantly anglophone. As a result, the general campus
consensus is that hiring an anglophone head coach is not such a travesty, even
though most of the French Canadian media portrays it as one. The principle
argument among Cunneyworth supporters is that winning hockey games should come
before speaking to the media. Being an anglophone Canadiens fan, I understand
the argument and believe that a coach should be judged on merit alone.
Unfortunately, the team's record of three wins and seven losses under the new
unilingual coach has done little to dampen the outcries from French Canadians.

At this rate, even if Cunneyworth learned more French and managed to deliver
Quebec their long-desired sovereign nation, he would still be fired at the end
of the season. Yet there are protests outside the Bell Centre calling for the
immediate dismissal of Coach Cunneyworth and owner Geoff Molson. If we are to be
mad at Geoff Molson for anything, it should not be for hiring an
English-speaking coach. The reason we should be mad at him is for buying
wholesale beer from himself and then selling it to fans for $10 a cup.

This upcoming week will mark the one-month anniversary since Randy Cunneyworth
took over behind the bench. I spent most of that month believing that an
anglophone coach could survive in Montreal as long as the Canadiens had a
winning record. Over the last couple days, however, I have completely changed my
mind. Quebec is like no other place in North America and the Montreal Canadiens
are like no other sports franchise. Even the New York Yankees and Boston Celtics
cannot claim to be a cultural institution like the Canadiens are.

A rich tradition of winning with homegrown Quebecois talent did a lot to
establish the cultural significance of the franchise. Two Richard's, Béliveau,
Lafleur, Geoffrion, Plante, Bouchard, Cournoyer... need I continue? Throughout a
period where French-Canadian stars led the Canadiens to the Stanley Cup every
year, hockey became religion in Quebec, and the Forum became the church. Though
it is not an official qualification for the papacy, the Pope is expected to
speak Italian so that he can properly address the public in Rome. The same can
now be said for the head coach of the Montreal Canadiens.

Some have suggested that the eventual return of the Quebec Nordiques could
lessen the importance of the language issue in Montreal. In fact, this would
have the opposite effect. If the Montreal Canadiens do not cater to their
French-Canadian fans, they will lose them to the Quebec franchise. If the
Canadiens became the "English" team and the Nordiques became the "French" team,
Montreal would cease to be the most powerful franchise in the province, as
roughly 80 per cent of the population would jump ship and become fans of the
"French" team. If that were to ever happen, the Habs could effectively become a
small-market club and would not be able to compete with the larger payrolls in
the league.

A loyal fan base is essential to any winning franchise. In order to foster and
maintain that loyalty, the Montreal Canadiens will need to continue catering to
the language demands of the majority of its fans. Reputable members of the
French media have conceded that if the Habs won the Stanley Cup with an English
coach, language would be a non-issue. With the way things are going this year,
however, that will not be the case.

- Trevor Drummond

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Kentucky Kernel: University of Kentucky

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

UK Greenthumb protests coal with 40-foot banner outside Library

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 77 words


The UK Greenthumb student group protested coal dependence Thursday by laying a
40 foot protest banner outside on the William T. Young Library from 10:45 to 11
a.m.

Full story and additional photos to be posted shortly.

Members of UK's greenthumb club lay down a 40 foot banner on the bowl of William
T. Young Library at 10:45 a.m. on the Rose St. side entrance. The group
protested coal and kept the sign on the grass for 15 minutes. Photo by Brandon
Goodwin | Staff

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The McGill Tribune: McGill University

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

The McGill Tribune Speech vs. SOPA

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 738 words


The US House's Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), and its Senate counterpart, the
PROTECT IP Act (PIPA), began as fairly obscure pieces of legislation. Introduced
in October and May of last year respectively, both acts floated under the radar
of the news media (and it seems, many congressmen) until last week, when a
crescendo of internet-organized opposition led to Wikipedia, reddit, and many
other online sites mounting blackouts in protest of the bill. The problems with
the twin pieces of legislation have been well documented, from the ability for
sites to be essentially wiped off the face of the Internet on the whim of an
aggrieved copyright holder, to many others. The two acts, while new as
individual pieces of legislation, contain a series of bad ideas that, through
industry lobbying, have continually resurfaced.

An case of this is the The PROTECT IP Act, a redraft of the 2010 Combating
Online Infringement and Counterfeits Act, a piece of legislation that tried
legislating similarly wide powers to block websites but was stillborn on the
Senate floor after being passed in committee.

Similarly, the powers given under SOPA would supersede the current centerpiece
of U.S. intellectual property laws, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. The
1998 legislation exempted Internet Service Providers (ISP's) from legal
liability for copyright infringement provided they take down or block access to
infringing material, if a copyright holder notifies the ISP in a formal document
that it is being housed on their network. The person or site accused of
infringement can also request to have material placed back up if they argue in a
legal notice of their own that the original claim is not legitimate. Creating
such a system has led to many cases of copyright owners requesting takedowns of
content that isn't necessarily infringing, but simply not to their
liking--creating a chilling effect on what users post on the internet.

Furthermore, the Act prohibits consumers from attempting to circumvent copy
protection measures added to products by their manufacturers, such as Digital
Rights Management measures on a piece of software. While exceptions exist for
academic uses and the like, these provisions still infringe on the ability of
those who have purchased content to fully "own" it in a sense--modifying the
copy protection on a DVD, even if only to put the file on your phone or music
player, for example, is technically illegal under the DMCA.

With all of its problems, the DMCA at the least gives those accused of
infringement sufficient due process to challenge the sanctions on their content.
Where SOPA and PIPA are particularly pernicious is in the power it gives the
government to regulate online content. The original version of PIPA would have
allowed the government to remove the domain names of sites accused of copyright
infringement from the web's address book, or the Domain Name Service. In
addition, any name that this site switched to would be blocked, and search
engines, such as Google, would not be allowed to index so-called censored sites.
Moreover, credit card companies and services that provide internet advertising
would not be allowed to do business with such "blacklisted" sites. These
sweeping powers are already quite troubling, but legal scholars, including the
Harvard law professor Laurence H. Tribe, have pointed out the vagueness of the
bills' definition of a "copyright infringing" site, the fact that material on
only a small part of a site can form grounds for an infringement claim against
the whole domain, and, most dangerously for free speech, the fact that there is
little due process; earlier versions of the bill would have allowed these sites
to be frozen out of the Internet solely on the basis of the copyright holder's
accusation.

Whether the supposed "shelving" of SOPA/PIPA will be a victory for the first
amendment on the internet is yet to be seen. The provisions of the bill could be
written again as another bill, much like what happened with COICA. International
treaties such as the Anti Counterfeiting Trade Agreement raise even further
concerns. Unfortunately, it seems that there is consensus among America's
political leaders on the need for tougher intellectual property laws, despite
the dubious claims that piracy is costing "thousands" of U.S. jobs. Future
legislation should deal with this supposed problem with a scalpel, rather than a
sledgehammer.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Viewpoint: The SOPA Model

BYLINE: Katie Harmer

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 688 words


The Senate had planned on holding a test vote on the controversial PIPA bill
today. That was until last Wednesday, when several companies participated in an
Internet blackout, and nearly 7 million Internet users signed petitions
protesting the bills. Wikipedia blacked-out its page for 24 hours, leaving users
helpless when searching for that quick answer to their random questions. Shared
links from Google dotted Facebook newsfeeds, warning of the repercussions of
SOPA and PIPA.

Why the uproar?

SOPA (Stop Online Piracy Act) and PIPA (Protect Intellectual Property Act) are
two bills which, in a nutshell, try to curb copyright infringement by fining and
even imprisoning users who post content that is protected. This in itself isn't
necessarily a bad thing. I tend to think most people would consider it illegal
to blatantly pirate copyrighted material. The issue was the vagueness of the
law, which could easily impact and hinder user-generated content sites often
used in social media.

The bills, which were introduced last year, burst into the spotlight during the
blackout, after months of limited awareness. The number of signatures on
petitions doubled in one day because activists were organized in spreading
information quickly and across a wide range of media.

And you know what? It worked. By Friday, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid
announced that the vote on PIPA would be postponed indefinitely, and House
Judiciary Committee Chairman Lamar Smith tabled SOPA while lawmakers review
problem areas of the bills. Citizens spoke and representatives responded.

Too often, this model of public outcry and participation is the exception rather
than the rule. Too often, particularly on the state and local level, we just sit
back and relax, not really noticing what our legislature or city councils are
doing. Too often, we do not take the time to become informed. Too often, this
happens because we are college students.

As students, we often live far from home. Though we spend most of our year in
the Provo or Orem area, we still feel like visitors. Yet, precisely because we
are so far from home, it can be difficult and time consuming to keep up with
local and state issues. We live a life somewhat in between our home and our
college home. But just because we are passing through doesn't mean that we can't
get involved or informed.

Citizens need to speak out on local and national issues. Small town, local
politics may not be as glamorous as national issues, but participation in both
are essential aspects of making our democratic republic work. Our right to
protest and express ourselves should not be taken lightly. When you see
something you feel is unjust, speak out. Don't wait for others to speak out and
do the work for you.

Throughout my educational career, I've heard teachers encourage students to ask
questions, particularly if they are unsure of a concept. The common
justification: if you have a question, or you are unsure, the changes are pretty
high that someone else has the same question. It is only by voicing those
questions that the underlying issues can be addressed.

So speak up. Get involved. These issues aren't going to go away anytime soon.

Here are some small ways to get involved in Provo politics:

Sign up for weekly city emails. The emails not only mention upcoming debates and
projects, but also provide updates and local events and concerts that are often
free.

Check out Mayor John Curtis's blog. Yes, our mayor has a blog - and believe it
or not, it's actually pretty interesting. The blog is usually updated daily with
posts covering profiles on locals, upcoming events, Provo in the news and links
to other fun things to do in Provo.

Attend a city council meeting. City council meetings can be long and tiresome,
but they can also be somewhat amusing. Look up the agenda, find something of
interest and take your roommates one Wednesday evening.

Katie Harmer is the opinion editor at The Daily Universe. This viewpoint
represents her opinion and does not neccesarily represent the opinions of The
Daily Universe, BYU, its administration or The Church of Jesus Christ of
Latter-day Saints.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                        The Mirror: Fairfield University

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

The Internet Will Remain Uncensored

BYLINE: Martin OSullivan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 517 words


Notice: this article has been found in violation of H.R. 3261, SOPA. and
therefore access has been denied.Had the Stop Online Piracy Act been passed,
messages like these would be replacing your frequented Internet destinations for
seaming, downloading and viewing.Although SOPA has since been scrapped, the
senate version of this bill, S. 968 PIPA, is still in the process of being voted
upon, though temporarily postponed.These highly debated bills would essentially
allow the government to shut down access to web sites that contained pirated
content without a aditional ial, according to the Huffington Post."The fact of
the matter is that the backers of SOPA and PIPA really have no idea what they
are talking about," said Sara Pollack '13. "They have the inclination that these
bills will protect intellectual American property, create more American jobs,
and put an end to 'rogue' sites, but it's just another example of the abuse of
government power."So how did SOPA fizzle out? And why has PIPA been indefinitely
postponed?

According to a written statement by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, the
stalling of this legislation is "in light of recent of events." Specifically?On
January 18, 2012, online organizations in opposition to SOPA and PIPA staged a
virtual protest by "blacking out" their websites, communicating what they
thought to be the level of resiction to which SOPA would entitle the
government.On blackout day, Wikipedia's sole accessible page in its English
division read, "For over a decade, we have spent millions of hours building the
largest encyclopedia in human history. Right now, the U.S. Congress is
considering legislation that could fatally damage the free and open
internet."Over 115,000 websites participated in the blackout, either completely
blocking access to content or simply hinting towards opposition through
illusation, according to the New York Times. Notable websites included Google,
Reddit, WordPress, Tumblr, and Flickr.These bills also had major support
throughout the political, economic and entertainment sphere.For example, on the
January 20th episode of "Real Time with Bill Maher," host and libertarian Bill
Maher stated his support for the bill, citing a "moral dimension" to stopping
internet piracy.Companies in support of this legislation included Wal-Mart,
Disney, Sony, Nike, and Ralph Lauren, according to an official support letter to
Congress signed by more than 120 businesses.The day after the blackout,
file-sharing web site Megaupload was seized by the FBI and Justice Department in
what they viewed as one of the biggest copyright piracy cases to date, according
to The New York Times. Founder Kim Schmitz, along with several others, was
arrested and charged with five counts of copyright infringement and
conspiracy.Although admitting that PIPA's significant opposition required
attention, Senator Reid sessed that the bill is still alive, saying, "There is
no reason that the legitimate issues raised by many about this bill cannot be
resolved."Though PIPA remains postponed, it has the potential to resurface for
voting at any time.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                      The Chronicle: Quinnipiac University

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

SOPA can't clean up Internet

BYLINE: Kim Green

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 702 words


Web protesters fought two conoversial bills last week, refusing to relinquish
their First Amendment rights to free music and movies, and they succeeded.The
Stop Online Piracy Act was a bill inoduced in October that would give the
federal government power to inhibit people from using foreign online piracy
websites. The sites ade counterfeit movies, music and other American copyrighted
products.Katie OAnother similar bill, Preventing Real Online Threats to Economic
Creativity and Theft of Intellectual Property Act , was inoduced in the Senate
last May with the goal of giving the federal government and copyright holders
the ability to block access to websites dedicated to infringing or
counterfeiting goods outside of the U.S.The bills gained support in Congress,
but were severely opposed by Internet users who claimed the bills were too
aggressive and infringed on First Amendment rights, Quinnipiac's Assistant Dean
of Career Services for Communications Joseph Caino said. By the end of last
week, lawmakers showed opposition to the bill and a vote on PIPA that was
scheduled for Jan. 24 was postponed, as lawmakers looked to reach an agreement.

In the House of Representatives, Texas Representative Lamar Smith, the driving
force behind SOPA, killed his own bill last Friday.Rich Hanley, associate
professor of journalism and director of the graduate journalism program, said
the bills sayed into areas of prior resaint and censorship, thus freezing the
free flow of information that is at the core of the Internet."Present federal
laws regarding copyright protection and penalties for piracy are sufficient at
this point, and effective enforcement rather than new laws that overreach the
mark is the way to balance the interests of copyright while keeping knowledge
and the creative process thriving online," Hanley said.Copyright infringement
has been a growing issue in regards to the Internet, but many websites, such as
Youtube, already self-censor by flagging and taking down copyrighted material.
The issue is beginning to focus in on content from foreign sites."While I
understand and agree to a certain extent that copyright infringement, the
foundation for these proposed bills, needs to be addressed especially from
foreign websites discussed and focused on in the bills, there could have and
should have been a better approach," Caino said.Thousands of websites including
Wikipedia and Craigslist went dark on Wednesday, Jan. 18 for 12 hours, in
protest of the bills. On Google's home page, a black box covered the famous logo
with a message that said, "Tell Congress: Please don't censor the Web!"
According to a report in the Washington Post, Google Inc. gathered more that
seven million signatures for its online petition to Congress to reject the
bills.The main supporters of the bills were companies in the music, film and
gaming indusy, Student Government Association Class of 2012 Representative John
Scholl said. Scholl is a firm believer in keeping the Internet "free.""Most of
the [supporters] were supporting it for their own self-interests of profit,"
Scholl said. "What they missed was an understanding of the Internet culture."If
these bills passed, smaller Internet-based companies wouldn't survive. For
example, I work at a small Internet marketing firm which uses Facebook and
Google to advertise for local businesses in the Boston area. If the bill passed,
the company would have to constantly worry about copyright
infringement."Although the bills in their original form failed, the fight to
keep the Internet open and free is far from over. Congress returned to the
drawing boards to reach a wider agreement on a solution. A PCWorld report
projects that SOPA will reformulate in February and PIPA will include possible
amendments within the next weeks.Last week, a new similar bill has surfaced,
according to PCWorld, the Online Protection and Enforcement of Digital Trade .
This bill would give the International Trade Commission oversight on
foreign-based websites and would apply to sites that promote copyright
violations.The bill said that the OPEN Act would secure that Americans have to
right to benefit from what they've created and the right to an open Internet.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Gateway: University of Nebraska at Omaha

                             January 9, 2012 Monday

UNO's new hockey conference names commissioner

BYLINE: Nate Tenopir

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 746 words

By Nate Tenopir, Sports Editor

Six months after its formation, a commissioner for the National Collegiate
Hockey Conference has been named. Jim Scherr, the former Chief Executive Officer
of the United States Olympic Committee and former executive director of USA
wrestling, was introduced as The National's first commissioner on Wednesday
morning.

Brian Faison, the athletic director at the University of North Dakota,
introduced Scherr at a news conference at Penrose House in Colorado Springs. The
eight-team league will be headquartered in Colorado Springs.

Scherr has over 20 years of experience in sports management and is a former
Husker wrestling champion. He won a national championship at the 177-pound
weight class in 1984 and competed for the U.S. Olympic Team.

Since his time with the USOC, Scherr had started his own marketing company but
will step down as the CEO to head The National.

"The selection of Jim Scherr as our first Commissioner is the culmination of a
thorough, national search to identify an exceptional sports business executive
who will provide the leadership, vision and credibility to make our new
Conference the benchmark for excellence in collegiate hockey," Faison said
during the news conference. "While the position attracted dozens of very
impressive candidates, Jim distinguished himself as someone who exceeded the
leadership criteria established by our athletic directors. Jim's depth of
experience will serve the Conference well and we are delighted he has agreed to
accept this important position."

Scherr was CEO of the USOC from 2005-2009, overseeing 45 sports and providing
support to American Olympic and Paralympic athletes. Under his leadership, the
U.S. won its most medals ever outside of a non-boycotted Olympics, racking up
110 at the Beijing Summer Games.

Two years earlier, America's Winter Olympians finished the Torino Games with 25
medals, the most for a U.S Winter team on foreign soil at that time.

"I am honored to have been selected by the National Collegiate Hockey Conference
to become its first Commissioner," Scherr said during the press conference. "I
am grateful to the athletic directors and coaches of our Conference's member
institutions for their support, confidence and trust."

"We have just 21 months before we drop the puck to launch our first season and
there's a lot to accomplish. This is a once-in-a-career opportunity, and I look
forward to leading a conference, including the eight outstanding hockey programs
with their coaches, staffs, student-athletes and fans, that has the potential to
become the premier single-sport conference in intercollegiate athletics."

The eight teams that Scherr will be leading into a new era are Colorado College,
Denver, Miami University (Ohio), Minnesota-Duluth, UNO, North Dakota, Saint
Cloud St. and Western Michigan.

Six of the eight institutions originally banded together as a response to the
B1G 10 starting a hockey conference. After Penn St. added a hockey program, the
B1G 10 had enough schools (six) to be counted as an officially sanctioned
league.

Current WCHA members Minnesota and Wisconsin, along with current CCHA members
Michigan, Michigan State and Ohio State became part of the BIG 10 hockey
conference last march.

Rather than remain in what many considered weaker versions of the WCHA and CCHA,
Colorado College, Denver, Duluth, Miami, North Dakota and UNO announced the
formation of the National Collegiate Hockey Conference in mid-July. Saint Cloud
State and Western Michigan were invited to be charter members in September.

"The eight competing schools, with their significant commitment to compete at
the highest level, the markets they are in and the opportunity to generate
interest and revenue...all those ingredients represent something that could be a
new landmark for college sports," said Scherr.

The new conference will feature traditional powers as well as programs that
consistently make the NCAA tournament and play at the highest level. Among the
eight teams there are 17 national championships, and seven of the eight played
in last year's NCAA tournament.

Scherr will begin with a four and half year contract and become part of the work
that many of the schools' athletic directors have been involved in since the
conference formed. In addition to locating and interviewing candidates, athletic
directors have been negotiating television rights, looking into where to host a
conference tournament and deciding on the number of conference games.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The Tartan: Carnegie Mellon University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

The Great Book Robbery

SECTION: PILLBOX; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1234 words


"Farewell, my library! Farewell, the house of wisdom, the abode of philosophers,
a house and witness for literature! How many sleepless nights I spent there,
reading and writing, the night is silent and the people asleep. Goodbye, my
books! I know not what has become of you after we left: Were you looted? Burnt?
Have you been ceremonially transferred to a private or public library? Did you
end up on the shelves of grocery stores with your pages used to wrap onions?"

In this excerpt from That's the Way I Am, Gentlemen: From the Diary of Khalil
al-Sakakini, the late Palestinian poet Khalil al-Sakakini mourns the loss of his
priceless books. Al-Sakakini had fled his home in the Katamon neighborhood of
Jerusalem in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, leaving behind a vast trove of
Palestinian literature. He settled in Cairo two months later, never to see his
beloved books again.

Israelis consider 1948 as the year they fought for independence. Meanwhile,
Palestinians consider 1948 as the year of al-Nakba, a mass exodus of 711,000 to
750,000 Palestinians from their homes.

Al-Sakakini's story was not unique. Between May 1948 and February 1949, the
nascent state of Israel seized approximately 70,000 books belonging to
Palestinians as the exodus was occurring. To many scholars of the
Israel-Palestine conflict, this initiative was not merely a collection of books,
but a systematic looting - one that represented the theft of Palestinian culture
as well.

"What is important about the looting of the books [is that] it is part of the
appropriation of the cultural essence of this land [Palestine], which is not
different from the appropriation of the territories, the houses, the natural
resources, and everything that Palestine had - even its history - could be and
should have been part of the new Jewish state," said Israeli-Jewish historian
Ilan Pappé in the trailer for a film documenting al-Nakba.

A new project titled The Great Book Robbery, described as a "multifaceted
cultural heritage project" on its website, aims to bring the story of the 1948
Arab-Israeli War and al-Nakba to light, while identifying the books' rightful
owners. The project includes the production of a documentary film and the
creation of a virtual library for the books.

The Great Book Robbery began with an accidental discovery. In 2006, while
searching for reference material at the Jewish National and University Library
at Hebrew University, Israeli graduate student Gish Amit stumbled upon documents
detailing the plunder of books from Palestinian homes. In an article in The
Jerusalem Quarterly, Amit detailed the transfer of books that took place between
1948 and 1949 by the staff of the National Library of Israel.

These librarians collected 30,000 books, manuscripts, and newspapers from
western Jerusalem that were left behind by Palestinian denizens during the
course of the war and after the depopulation of Palestinian villages. They then
transferred approximately 6,000 of those books to the National Library's Eastern
Studies Department and deemed them "abandoned property." In 1948 and subsequent
years, employees of the Custodian of Absentee Property gathered an additional
40,000 to 50,000 books from other cities in historic Palestine, including Jaffa,
Haifa, Tiberias, and Nazareth.

Some 26,000 books, however, fared worse: In 1957, the Israeli government deemed
that these books "contained inciting materials against the State [of Israel]"
and recycled them as paper waste.

Members of The Great Book Robbery - which include historians, filmmakers,
students, journalists, and many others who advocate on behalf of Palestinian
causes - seek to take stock of the remaining books and identify their owners
through a massive digital library, which contains 500 of the original 6,000
books labeled as "abandoned property." The Great Book Robbery's other primary
objective is education.

Israeli-Dutch filmmaker Benny Brunner, a member of The Great Book Robbery's
staff who is based in Amsterdam, has made a documentary titled The Great Book
Robbery, which recounts the looting of Palestinian books. The film, which is
finished and currently undergoing editing, will be released in May 2012.

The website for The Great Book Robbery includes a forum section, which provides
a space for those interested in the project to discuss the events of 1948 and to
contribute to the discourse concerning a wide spectrum of issues pertaining to
Palestinian identity and culture.

To many Palestinians, especially those who bore witness to the events of 1948,
The Great Book Robbery is also an effort to reclaim Palestinian cultural and
ethnic identity. Amit asserted that the collection of Palestinian books by
Israelis constitutes a theft of Palestinian culture. In The Jerusalem Quarterly,
he wrote, "This untold story of the fate of Palestinian 'abandoned' books
clearly demonstrates how occupation and colonization is not limited to the
taking over of physical space. Rather, it achieves its fulfillment by occupying
cultural space as well, and by turning the cultural artifacts of the victims
into ownerless objects with no past."

The Great Book Robbery allows for communication and interaction among a wide
array of individuals interested in the preservation of Palestinian culture. As
such, its staff, contributors, and supporters hail from across the globe. Here
in Pittsburgh, University of Pittsburgh student Karina Goulordava, vice
president of the university's Students for Justice in Palestine chapter, is
lending her efforts to The Great Book Robbery.

As part of its staff, Goulordava - graduating this year with a bachelor of arts
in Spanish, communication-rhetoric, and Arabic - plays an important role in
disseminating media regarding The Great Book Robbery and garnering publicity for
the project.

"I'm the communication manager. My primary task is to get publicity for the
project. On a daily basis, I run our Facebook and Twitter," Goulordava said. "I
also scan the internet every once in a while to see if any new press has been
written about us."

Goulordava also contacts writers to contribute to the website's forum. She
explained the significance of the section: "We contact professors, scholars,
students, filmmakers, journalists, authors, and librarians - anyone who has an
opinion about The Great Book Robbery. They write a piece for us and we publish
it on the forum. [For] something this important, you don't want to just put the
information out there. You want to create a discussion about this, and you want
to talk about why it is important."

Individuals here in Pittsburgh have contributed to the discourse, thanks to
Goulordava's efforts. Tom Twiss, a librarian from the University of Pittsburgh's
Hillman Library, wrote an article for the forum titled "The Destruction of
Palestinian Library and Cultural Resources in 2002." Goulordava has booked
interviews published on The Great Book Robbery's website with Pappé and
Palestinian academic Ghada Karmi from the University of Exeter in the United
Kingdom.

The Great Book Robbery does more than illuminate a new aspect of a fraught
subject; it demonstrates that the events of al-Nakba had other consequences than
the physical displacement of Palestinians. To the members of The Great Book
Robbery, Israel uprooted the heart of Palestinian academic and intellectual
culture. This comprehensive initiative pieces together a fragmented history of
two nations.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Columbia Chronicle: Columbia College

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday

Obama campaign visits Chicago

BYLINE: Vanessa Morton

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1026 words


With his first term in office nearing an end, President Barack Obama began his
fight for re-election as he made his first campaign stop in his home city.

President Barack Obama has a laugh with a crowd of 500 supporters at the
University of Illinois at Chicago, 725 W. Roosevelt Road, on Jan. 11. He kicked
off his re-election campaign with a series of fundraisers including one at UIC
and two other private events at homes in Chicago.

Long lines sprawled out of the University of Illinois at Chicago Forum, 725 W.
Roosevelt Road, on Jan. 11, for a chance to hear the president speak about his
plans and hopes for the future of the country.

But the president's trip back home wasn't filled with warm welcomes. While many
Chicagoans were excited about Obama's visit, he was also greeted by a large
number of Occupy protesters.

Gathered from Occupy Chicago and UIC, they stood together outside of the
building to voice their opposition toward the president's recent signing of the
National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2012-a bill he signed into
law on Dec. 31-and also continued their campaign against the Stop Online Piracy
Act, both of which raise questions relating to American citizens' constitutional
rights.

The NDAA states how the military is to be funded, but new provisions have been
added. For the first time in American history, the piece of legislation will
make it legal to indefinitely detain anyone suspected of being a terrorist,
including American citizens, without a charge or call for trial.

"We feel that codifying [NDAA] into law is detrimental to the future of our
country, and it goes against our Constitution," said Micah Philbrook, member of
the Occupy Chicago press relations committee. "[People] are supporting Obama for
re-election, and the candidate they support basically signed away the
Constitution's First Amendment, doing away with habeas corpus, and I feel a lot
of people support their Democratic or Republican candidate blindly, because they
are a member of the party that they subscribe to."

However, despite the president signing the NDAA into law, he has stated that
even though he supports the bill as a whole, he also does not agree with
everything in it.

"I have signed this bill despite having serious reservations with certain
provisions that regulate the detention, interrogation and prosecution of
suspected terrorists," Obama said in a written statement. "Moreover, I want to
clarify that my administration will not authorize the indefinite military
detention without trial of American citizens."

Edwin Yohnka, director of communications and public policy for the American
Civil Liberties Union of Illinois, characterized the NDAA as "always sort of a
Christmas tree of legislation."

"It is a piece of legislation that Congress passes each and every year in order
to authorize the military fund, particular military projects and activities,"
Yohnka said. "So, because it becomes sort of a must-pass bill, as they say, it
is often a vehicle in which all kinds of measures, and sometimes politically
motivated, sometimes otherwise motivated, kinds of legislation get attached to
the proposal."

Yohnka said the motivation toward the provisions isn't easy to weed out.
However, he said the desire to make changes comes from some parts of Congress
and, as of now, members in the Republican Party.

"It's [their] desire to appear as though they are 'tough on terrorism' and the
vehicle to being 'tough on terrorism' is to oppose at any level, in any way
ever, the notion of trying people who the United States has detained in civilian
courts," Yohnka said. "It's one of those things that frustrates people about
Congress and about how they behave. Rather than deal with issues in a
thoughtful, considered deliberate way, everything becomes a game of politics and
got you."

Despite these concerns, the president's enthusiasm toward the audience
overpowered the campaigns against him. He focused on his well-known theme of
change, and opened his speech by reminiscing about his previous campaign. He
joked with the audience about the odds not being in his favor back in 2008.

"And it's not because you thought it was going to be easy," Obama said. "You
know when you support a guy name Barack Hussein Obama for president of the
United States, you've got to assume that the odds may not be in your favor. But
what you understood was the campaign was not about me, it was about our common
vision for America, [and] it wasn't a cramped narrow vision of America where
everyone is left to fend for themselves."

In an effort to rally old and new supporters, he also brought up a number of
issues the country currently faces and has faced during a decade of "neglect,"
such as risky financial deals. He also listed all of the campaign promises he
said his administration had fulfilled, such as passing health care reform, the
repeal of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" and an end of the Iraq War by bringing the
troops back to the states.

The president, at times, hit hard at the Republican Party. He took stabs at its
efforts not to lead the country with the people in mind, but rather to unseat
him from his presidency.

"The very core of what this country stands for is on the line," Obama said. "The
basic promise of no matter who you are, where you come from, this is a place
that you can make it if you try. That's at stake in this election."

And despite the trials and tribulations he expressed during his speech, he
reassured the crowd of 500 supporters that change is possible.

He admitted that throughout his term change wasn't always possible, but urged
the crowd to continue to work alongside him in an effort to help the country.

"We wont give up, not now," Obama said. "You've got to send a message that we're
going to keep pushing and fighting for the change that we believe in. I've said
before, I'm not a perfect man, I'm not a perfect president, but I promised you
this, and I've kept this promise: I will always tell you what I believe. I will
always tell you where I stand. I will wake up every single day thinking about
how I can make this country better, and I will spend every ounce of energy that
I have fighting for you."

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             The California Aggie: University of California - Davis

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Guest Opinion: Stop barricading banks

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 424 words


In the last few years, plenty has been written about the banks. Articles,
editorials and blogs tell the story well about the greed and dishonesty that was
and is standard fare by corporate bigwigs hot in pursuit of a bigger buck. The
backlash is obvious, and nowhere is this clearer than here on campus. The tents
in the Quad, the now-infamous spray-happy police officer, the rallies - all
students here know about these. And this dissent is good for our democracy
depends on it.

However, this article is different. I'm writing this not to attack, but instead
to defend. If you've walked through the MU recently, you might have seen a group
of students in front of the small on-campus US Bank branch barricading the
entrance. I am not part of this group, so I won't speak on their behalf about
their philosophy or goals. Instead, I just want to speak about what I see, hear
and know about the effects this barricade is having on the employees there.

I work in a nearby store, so I've gotten the chance to get to know the great
people who work at the bank. It's a small staff. A few students work there to
help pay for the horrendous cost that is now public higher education. Examples
of the staff's generosity are abundant. Last quarter the bank hosted a potluck
for the neighboring stores. One lady who works there is one of the most generous
people I know. When she found out that one of my coworkers would not be going
home for Thanksgiving, she promptly opened up her home. Not many people would do
that.

I could tell more stories. I could tell about how one staffer who, instead of
dropping by the store where I work and making everyone's day with her smile and
quick humor, now has to stand guard near the door of the bank, watching for
protesters. I could tell about how one of the students who works at the bank has
to have a police escort in order to make it to classes. And I can tell about how
the sight of the staff behind shuttered glass doors brings to mind a cage -
something, to me at least, that should never happen on a university campus.

If the goal of the barricade is to close down the bank permanently, then they're
well on their way. No business can stay running for long if the doors are mostly
shuttered. Such a result would be devastating on the employees there - employees
who have nothing to do with the excesses of Wall Street. The protesters are
targeting the wrong people. All of them are part of the 99 percent. Enough lives
have been wrecked by CEOs; let's not wreck the lives of these fellow students
and neighbors.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Kentucky Kernel: University of Kentucky

                            January 10, 2012 Tuesday

The news you might have missed during winter break

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 389 words


In reverse chronological order, news briefs related to UK?and around the state.

Galbraith

5-time governor candidate dies
Gatewood Galbraith, a Lexington lawyer and longtime political figure in
Kentucky, died Jan. 4. He was 64.
An undergraduate and law school graduate of UK, Galbraith ran for state office
many times, including five times for governor. His most recent run for governor
was with Shelbyville, Ky., native Dea Riley.
The morning his death was announced, Galbraith's name was trending on Twitter.
The Kernel has covered Galbraith several times in recent years, including when
he spoke at a rally against government spending in September 2009, his
announcement in December 2010 to run for governor a fifth time, his debates as a
2011 gubernatorial candidate and his Election Day party in 2011. See
kykernel.com for links to those stories and more.

Capilouto

Capilouto determined to work with legislature
UK President Eli Capilouto sent an email to faculty Sunday expressing his
intentions to work with state legislators, donors and other supporters
"regarding our university's funding and building needs."
Capilouto said he, men's basketball head coach John Calipari and a student
leader, Stephen Bilas, spoke to more than 75 legislators about academic changes
UK?has made and the infrastructure changes it needs to make.
At the end of the email, Capilouto promised to keep faculty updated on these
efforts.

Calipari

Freedom Hall game's future questioned
Before the Jan. 3 men's basketball game in Freedom Hall, head coach John
Calipari was non-commital about UK's annual game in Louisville remaining on the
schedule in future years.
The game itself didn't help matters.
An official attendance of 14,747 was about 4,000 short of capacity. The
consistent lack of sellouts was one of the reasons Calipari cited for his
reservations about the game.
Calipari said Jan. 4 he and Athletics Director Mitch Barnhart would probably sit
down to discuss the future of the game, "looking at what's right for this
program."

UK?beats Louisville in annual intrastate rivalry
UK won 69-62 at Rupp Arena, with freshman forward Michael Kidd-Gilchrist scoring
24 points and 19 rebounds. A reported 24,387 people attended. UK moved to No. 2
in both the ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll and the Associated Press Top 25 poll
following the win. UK?is still ranked No. 2.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             Daily Californian: University of California - Berkeley

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday

Brown's state budget could cut $200 million from UC this year

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 681 words


The University of California faces a $200 million state funding cut this year if
voters do not approve Gov. Jerry Brown's proposed tax increases in November,
according to Brown's January budget plan announced Thursday.

Brown anticipates that California will face a $9.2 billion deficit through June
2013 in the state's general fund. In order to help mitigate the deficit, he
hopes to raise the sales tax and certain income taxes through putting a nearly
$7 billion ballot initiative before voters.

Should the November ballot initiative fail, the plan's $200 million cut to the
UC would follow a year in which the system saw its budget hammered by $750
million in state budget cuts. But the plan provides an ongoing $90 million
General Fund increase to the UC for base operating costs - funding which the
plan states could be used for retirement program contributions.

Patrick Lenz, the university's vice president for budget and capital resources,
lauded the operating cost increase in a statement Thursday.

"We applaud the governor's willingness to grant UC leadership maximum
flexibility in navigating these fiscal times," Lenz said in the statement. "The
administration's focus on protecting higher education from further budget
reductions is a welcome relief, and the governor's stated desire for a long-term
state investment is encouraging."

Lenz said in the statement that the university will continue to use
administrative efficiencies to cut down on costs and is currently seeking
alternate sources of revenue to bolster its income. He added that the university
intends to work with Brown and the state legislature on developing a long-term
plan "that would give the university much-needed financial stability."

Have a question for Gov. Brown or Lenz? Ask anyone a question via Your Direct
Line.

UC Student Association President Claudia Magana said in a statement that despite
the funding increase, higher education in California remains "grossly
underfunded" and the governor's plan does not go far enough to fund the state's
needs.

"The state immediately needs more revenue to ensure that we do not balance the
budget on students and the poor," Magana said. "This budget only further
reinforces the need for greater taxes on big businesses and the wealthiest
Californians to help restore our future."

In the past, the university has relied on large tuition increases to offset the
impact of cuts from the state.

But UC spokesperson Steve Montiel said in an email that it is "too early to
speculate" whether the university would see tuition increases should the cuts
occur.

Though Brown's office had originally intended to release the budget Jan. 10, he
held a press conference Thursday after the budget was erroneously published on
the Department of Finance's website, according to major media outlets.

"I'm not saying (the budget plan) is perfect, I'm just saying this is the best
that our finance department and myself could come up with," Brown said at the
press conference.

The plan also proposes that both the UC and California State University - which
would also be cut $200 million under the plan if voters do not approve the
ballot initiative to raise taxes - begin budgeting for capital improvement
projects as part of their overall fiscal plans. State appropriations for such
projects were formerly budgeted and adjusted for separately.

Additionally, various budgetary set-asides for specific UC programs and purposes
such as AIDS research and the Summer School for Mathematics and Sciences are
removed in Brown's budget plan.

The plan calls for $4.2 billion in base-level state cuts, including reductions
in welfare and child care services. If voters reject the tax increases, state
K-12 schools and community colleges would be cut $4.8 billion.

"I can tell you that the best thinking from the executive branch is this budget
is a good road map to get us through a solid fiscal program we can live with,"
Brown said. "If there's a better way to do it, I'm totally open to it."

Alisha Azevedo of The Daily Californian contributed to this report.

J.D. Morris is the university news editor.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                Badger Herald: University of Wisconsin - Madison

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday

Hughes: Graduate transfer rule admirable academically

BYLINE: Elliot HughesThe Badger Herald

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 981 words


The comments rang out a week ago, and I still can't quite get them out of my
head.

On Jan. 23, Wisconsin men's basketball coach Bo Ryan sat down for his weekly
press conference and fielded a question about the NCAA transfer rule for
graduate student-athletes.

The reporter sought Ryan's opinion on the rule given that Wisconsin's football
team had just benefited from it (with the arrival of Russell Wilson) and that
the Michigan State and Illinois men's basketball teams both utilized it this
year as well.

The rule states that any student-athlete who earns an undergraduate degree and
still has eligibility remaining can transfer to a different school and skip a
year of sitting on the sidelines - which is required during all other transfer
situations.

As long as both schools agree to the transfer, it's a done deal.

Given that Wisconsin recently played in the Rose Bowl, Ryan's answer may leave
Badger fans a little taken aback at first. His words:

"I don't think it's a good idea at all, have never liked the idea of people
leaving a program after four years of development at that institution; with
teammates, with the school and to all the sudden change and be eligible to play
right away," Ryan, who is also a member of the National Association of
Basketball Coaches' board of directors, said.

"And then all of the sudden, what's going to happen here is there's going to be
more of this going on. There's going to be guys, through outside third parties,
trying to find out, for example, if a guy was playing on a team and a bunch of
seniors graduated.

"But it's creating free agency, and it's creating conversations behind the backs
of the institutions and the coaches and his teammates. So, no, it's a terrible
rule. It's one of the worst rules I've ever seen."

Ryan isn't the only person that dissents on the rule, with worries surrounding a
free agency atmosphere, third party interference (recruiters) and friction among
teammates being the common threads.

Northwestern head coach Bill Carmody also recently said he doesn't "see anything
good about it" but also said he wouldn't have a problem exercising the right to
use the rule since it's there.

And now, after Wilson enjoyed the kind of year he had, some think the rule will
be used more often and by higher profile players.

From the perspective of Ryan and any other head coach of Division I athletics, I
can understand where they're coming from.

Ryan asked reporters at the press conference to imagine what would happen if
Jordan Taylor had ditched Wisconsin for another program last offseason, and
surely for many Badger fans it would be an experience tantamount to vertigo.

As a result of the rule, what many coaches might indeed worry more about is how
to keep their best players on the team rather than go looking for the next
Russell Wilson.

But one of the obvious benefits of the rule is that it encourages players to
work hard in school and, you know, do that thing that students should do:
graduate.

That's a sore spot for the NCAA - but only when the topic is men's basketball
and football. The NCAA announced in October the entering class of 2004 in men's
basketball had a graduation success rate of just 68 percent, while football
scored 69 percent.

The culture of college basketball and football has shaped into a full-on
business, and there are examples of universities setting aside educational
priorities for monetary ones instead.

One example, brought to you by the Springfield News-Sun, gives you the details
of recently hired Ohio State head coach Urban Meyer's new contract.

Every year, Meyer stands to win $700,000 in bonuses. $550,000 are set aside for
on-field accomplishments such as winning a conference title, going to a BCS bowl
game and the like. That leaves $150,000 left over for academic and graduation
achievements.

As Gregg Easterbrook of ESPN.com quips, "This suggests that football is 3.7
times more important than education at Ohio State."

Men's basketball and football players are involved in a lucrative opportunity to
make millions of dollars after school without an education - although more of
them do not see this come to light.

So if universities -and institutions like the NCAA - truly care about their
student-athletes beyond the revenue they bring in, they'll offer men's
basketball and football players incentives to earn a diploma.

As for the concerns of the coaches, only time will tell until we know whether
Wilson was the tipping point for this rule or not.

For what it's worth, I find it difficult to imagine recruiters from other
schools being effective in securing graduate transfers. There's too many
possibilities involved. What happens if the player took too few credits as a
freshman to graduate before his eligibility dries up? Would both schools approve
of the deal? What if he fails a class down the road?

Sounds like an inefficient enterprise to me. It would be nothing like recruiting
out of high school or out of junior college; there's too many things that could
rule out a player from transferring to a specific school. But time will tell on
that one too, I suppose.

And for all Ryan offered on this rule, saying it "creat[es] conversations behind
the backs of the institutions and the coaches and his teammates," players
already have the right to talk about normal transfers anyway. The graduate
student-athlete transfer rule wouldn't be introducing teams to rumors of a
teammate leaving town.

Any student-athlete that works hard at school should be granted a reward in the
form of a last-chance opportunity to salvage what may have gone astray in their
athletic career.

It might put a little dent in the game of college basketball and football, but
really, the NCAA is an institution of higher education and needs to act like it
- if only somewhat.

Elliot is a senior majoring in journalism. What do you think about the transfer
rule? Email your thoughts to ehughes@badgerherald.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vista: University of Central Oklahoma

                           January 4, 2012 Wednesday

Bobeck Named Head UCO Football Coach

BYLINE: Chris Brannick

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 569 words


Nick Bobeck puts on his first piece of UCO apparel as head coach of the the UCO
football team. Photo by Garett Fisbeck, The Vista

Nick Bobeck was named UCO's new head football coach on Wednesday, ending the
monthlong search.

Athletic Director Joe Muller first thanked Coach Patterson, who has served as
interim head coach since Dec.1, when former head coach Tracy Holland was fired.

"We have been looking for someone who was established with a record of sustained
success, experience at the Division II level and who understands the priorities
of the school beyond the football field," Muller said.

Nick Bobeck, a UCO graduate and former UCO football player, is announced head
coach of the football team in a press conference at Wantland Stadium, Wednesday,
Jan. 4, 2012. Photo by Garett Fisbeck, The Vista

Bobeck received a warm reception, several alumni and former teammates applauding
him. Bobeck played at UCO from 1999-2002.

He remained with UCO as an assistant for three more years before heading to
Texas A&M to be an offensive line coach in 2006. The following season he moved
to Navarro College, a junior college in Navarro, Texas. He would serve there as
offensive coordinator for one season before taking over the reigns as head
coach.

There, the Bobeck-led Bulldogs won early and often. He put together a 42-5
record in his four years including a National Championship in 2010.

"I'm floating," Bobeck said about this opportunity. "I'm extremely excited about
the new chapter."

Bobeck said that pride has much to do with his decision to return to UCO.

"I'm proud to be back at my alma mater. I'm proud of my two degrees from UCO,"
he said.

Bobeck later mentioned the spirit of Oklahoma that has helped shape him. This,
he says, will be the same spirit that drives the team.

"Everything will be built on effort," Bobeck said.

"Individuals not willing to give effort don't belong here."

Bobeck will get right to work with recruiting but said, "I have to recruit these
kids on campus first."

He added that he has built his career on recruiting. He will have one luxury
Holland did not, as UCO will be probation-free this year.

Bobeck's emphasis will be to run the ball and have that explosive passing game
ready. On defense will be a very tough team, with focus on turnovers.

Bobeck said they will have turnover drills every day in practice and that in his
National Championship run in 2010, his running backs did not fumble once.

"We won't turn the ball over," Bobeck said.

Bobeck likes to run a pro-style offense, saying, "I want to get out there and
find some fullbacks." He added that he likes to run a 4-3 defense and again
emphasized turnovers.

At the same time Bobeck is hesitant to parade around his style.

"You have to play to the talents of the team," he said. "Right now there isn't a
fullback on the roster."

UCO will compete in the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association next
fall after spending a year as an independent. Pittsburgh State won the
conference championship last season on their way to a national title.

Bobeck becomes only the 13th coach in 106 years of football at UCO. The
university ranks among the leaders in Division II, with 593 all-time wins.

Nick Bobeck, the new head coach of the UCO Football team, speaks in a press
conference at Wantland Stadium next to Joe Muller (center), UCO Athletic
Director, and Mike Kirk, Director of Athletic Media Relations. Photo by Garett
Fisbeck, The Vista

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Temple News: Temple University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

The tremendous trio

BYLINE: Connor Showalter

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 764 words


HUA ZONG TTN Redshirt-senior guard Ramone Moore leads Temple in scoring with an
average of 17.4 points per game. Moore scored a game-high 21 points on Saturday.

The men's basketball team is led by its three starting guards.

Scoring for the men's basketball team has not been an issue this season. Even
though two of the Owls' Top 4 scorers from last year are no longer in the
starting lineup, the team's offensive numbers have improved.

The Owls (15-5, 4-2 Atlantic Ten Conference) are averaging the third-best field
goal percentage (.471) and the second-highest percentage from behind the
three-point line (.400) in the conference. Recently, the Owls outscored a St.
Joseph's team that entered Saturday's game at the Liacouras Center with a better
team field goal percentage, 78-60.

"That wasn't much of a contest," Hawks' coach Phil Martelli said at the
post-game press conference. "We were dominated, but they dominated, it wasn't
that we just gave in."

Redshirt-senior guard Ramone Moore led the way offensively for the Owls with a
game-high 21 points. The victory extended the Owls' winning streak to four
games, while the team is fourth in the A-10.

At the beginning of the season, Dunphy said that he was going to need Moore to
average at least 15 points or more for the team, which is the number of points
he averaged per contest the year before. So far after 20 games this season, the
6-foot-4-inch guard is averaging 17.4 points per game, which leads all other
A-10 scorers.

"[Moore] knows that he needs to shoot the ball and he needs to score for us to
be good," Dunphy said after the St. Joe's game. "That's the great thing about
Ramone. He knows exactly what he does, when he does it."

Moore has scored a team high in points during eight games this year, which is
tied for the most games with junior guard Khalif Wyatt. Known as a
streaky-shooting team, there have been two stretches this season where Moore has
scored a team high in points in three consecutive games, while Wyatt once
recorded four consecutive team-leading performances at the start of January.

Both Moore and senior guard Juan Fernandez displayed their abilities to put
points on the scoreboard quickly during the Owls win against the Hawks. In the
first half, the two guards shot a combined 13 of 17 from the floor and six of
seven from behind the arc to score 32 of the team's total 38 points by halftime.

"You got to take what the other team gives you, but at the same time we can't
rely on making shots," Fernandez said during the post-game press conference.
"There are going to be days where we're not going to feel as good and we're
going to have to find other ways [to win]. The more open you are, the more
chances you're going to have of making those shots. That's what we work on,
rather than making it, trying to get good shots."

"When you can get those two guys, and [Wyatt] typically does the same thing, all
three of those guys get in a rhythm and start making shots then it kind of feeds
off with everyone else," Dunphy added.

One difference from last season to this season is that Moore is shooting a
slightly lower percentage. While the Philadelphia native shot .447 percent from
the field and .383 percent from behind the arc last year, he now averages
slightly lower numbers as he owns a .430 field goal percentage and a .370
percentage from three-pointers.

Despite the drop off in efficiency, Moore and the Owls are averaging 74.8 points
per game, which is ranked second in the A-10 behind Massachusetts. Last year the
Owls were No. 4 in the league in scoring offense with 70.6 points per outing.

The team's ball distribution is something that Dunphy has emphasized during the
season. Temple averages 15.7 assists per game, which ranks 29th overall in the
country.

"I do think that these guys, while they like to score, probably like to set up
and pass the basketball to their teammates equally as much if not more and
that's encouraging," Dunphy said.

Although the Owls' fourth-best scorer from last season, senior forward Scootie
Randall (10.7 points per game) has been out all year with an injury, other
players have stepped up in his absence. Wyatt and Fernandez continue to average
double figures in points per game with 16 and 11.8, respectively. In addition,
junior forward Rahlir Hollis-Jefferson has improved his offensive production by
nearly five points per game this year and is currently averaging 9.1 points.

The Owls will play the league's No. 13 scoring offense team in Fordham at 7 p.m.
on Wednesday at the Liacouras Center.

Connor Showalter can be reached at connor.showalter@temple.edu

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                          Anchor: Rhode Island College

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

RIC "media hounds" take over New Hampshire primary

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 384 words


Students of the college demographic have been categorized as generally apathetic
toward politics. However, quite the contrary can be said for a certain group of
Rhode Island College students who recently ventured north to experience the
run-up to the New Hampshire primary.

The group traveled to New Hampshire to experience pre-primary events and retail
politics atmosphere with political communication Prof. Valerie Endress, RIC alum
Tim Staskiewicz '06 and students from her class. Together, they chased down the
2012 presidential candidates across the Granite State the weekend prior to the
primary.
This trip was a hands-on experience continuation of the political communication
course taught by Endress during the fall 2011 semester. In her course, the
students became well-oriented with the campaign process and then applied that
knowledge as they followed a candidate of their choice closely throughout the
semester.

While in New Hampshire, the class was a part of the "NH Twitter Team" for NBC
10. As they attended various town hall meetings, rallies, and visited campaign
headquarters, the students live-tweeted what they heard, saw and felt. The
Twitter feed was displayed for the public on turnto10.com for NBC 10's viewers
to read and use as their own firsthand account of the first-in-the-nation
primary.

Students on the trip attended a meet-and-greet with Newt Gingrich, a discussion
with Mary Kay Huntsman and had a look inside the C-Span mobile unit. Students
also had the chance of sitting on stage for a Mitt Romney rally in Rochester,
where some were able to get a handshake from the presidential contender.

Endress explained that many of the students on the trip became "media hounds."
The class was able to build up a list of media outlets that they interviewed
with, including the Boston Globe, Manchester Union Leader, C-Span and numerous
international stations and papers from China, Japan, Finland, Sweden and other
European countries.

The class is in the process of planning a student forum moderated by an NBC 10
personality that will be open to the RIC community to attend and reflect upon
their experience. When asked if they would want to make the trek back up to New
Hampshire in four years for the same experience, the response was overwhelming
in the affirmative.Follow and like us:

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Brock Press: Brock University

                             January 9, 2012 Monday

Canada falls in semi-finals, claims Bronze

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 559 words


There are few things in sports that Canadians get more excited about than the
annual World Junior Hockey Championships. In many ways, this tournament has
become as much a part of the holidays as Santa Claus. That anticipation reaches
a fever pitch when the tournament is held in Canada, as was the case this year
in Alberta.

After winning Gold at home in Ottawa in 2009, the Canadians dropped a
heart-breaker to the Americans in 2010 in Saskatoon. The loss ended Canada's run
of consecutive gold medals at five. While Canada didn't host the 2011 games,
they may as well have. Many Ontarians, myself included, made the trek to Buffalo
to support the Canadian contingent led by the likes of Brayden Schenn and Ryan
Ellis.

With Buffalo rocking to the cheers of the boisterous pro-Canadian crowd, Team
Canada owned a 3-0 lead with 20 minutes to play in the Gold medal game. Then the
unthinkable happened. The Russian team scored five unanswered goals breaking
hearts of Canadians nationwide.

This year Canada dominated Pool B going 4-0 in Edmonton before travelling to
Calgary with a direct bye to the semi-finals. Their opponents in that contest
would be a Russian team that just barely squeaked out a victory in the
quarter-finals against the Czech Republic.

It became clear immediately after the drop of the puck that the Russian squad
was prepared for the Canadians. They were outworking the Canadians by winning
puck battles, making crisp passes and winning races for loose pucks.

Quickly finding themselves down 2-0 after the first period, Canada needed a
rally and fast. Less than three minutes into the second period, they found it.
Brett Connolly, a returning forward from the 2011 team and member of the NHL's
Tampa Bay Lightning buried a shot to make it 2-1. The rally was short-lived
however as the wheels immediately fell off the bus for Canada and the period
would end with a 5-1 lead for the Russians.

The frustration was showing both on the ice and off of it. Fans were serenading
a chorus of "boos" from the stands while the Canadians were taking undisciplined
and retaliatory penalties.

The Russians made it 6-1 before Canada made their push. They put together a
third period comparable to that of Russia's in last year's final. Four
unanswered goals brought Canada within a goal. With just under a minute left,
Niagara Ice Dog Ryan Strome hit the post, but that would be as close as Canada
would get. They ended up taking the bronze medal, defeating Finland 4-0.

Sweden would win in an overtime thriller against Russia for their first Gold in
31 years. The Canadian audience cheered for Sweden, raining "boos" down from
their seats at the Russians.

While at the tournament last year, I was introduced to the kind of rabid
intensity that is evoked while cheering on Team Canada. Fans on the edge of
their seats ready for any reason to boisterously stick out their chest and
celebrate their nationality. Morale can't get any higher when Team Canada wins,
and it certainly can't sink any lower when we lose. You can always count on Team
Canada jerseys, shirts and hats filling the capacity of an arena all to watch
the world's best young players chase not only their dreams, but those of a
Nation.

While we didn't come away with gold this year, there is always next year. And,
we'll be watching. If that isn't passion for our game, I don't know what is.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                          Anchor: Rhode Island College

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

RIC "media hounds" take over New Hampshire primary

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 381 words


Students of the college demographic have been categorized as generally apathetic
toward politics. However, quite the contrary can be said for a certain group of
Rhode Island College students who recently ventured north to experience the
run-up to the New Hampshire primary.

The group traveled to New Hampshire to experience pre-primary events and retail
politics atmosphere with political communication Prof. Valerie Endress, RIC alum
Tim Staskiewicz '06 and students from her class. Together, they chased down the
2012 presidential candidates across the Granite State the weekend prior to the
primary.
This trip was a hands-on experience continuation of the political communication
course taught by Endress during the fall 2011 semester. In her course, the
students became well-oriented with the campaign process and then applied that
knowledge as they followed a candidate of their choice closely throughout the
semester.

While in New Hampshire, the class was a part of the "NH Twitter Team" for NBC
10. As they attended various town hall meetings, rallies, and visited campaign
headquarters, the students live-tweeted what they heard, saw and felt. The
Twitter feed was displayed for the public on turnto10.com for NBC 10's viewers
to read and use as their own firsthand account of the first-in-the-nation
primary.

Students on the trip attended a meet-and-greet with Newt Gingrich, a discussion
with Mary Kay Huntsman and had a look inside the C-Span mobile unit. Students
also had the chance of sitting on stage for a Mitt Romney rally in Rochester,
where some were able to get a handshake from the presidential contender.

Endress explained that many of the students on the trip became "media hounds."
The class was able to build up a list of media outlets that they interviewed
with, including the Boston Globe, Manchester Union Leader, C-Span and numerous
international stations and papers from China, Japan, Finland, Sweden and other
European countries.

The class is in the process of planning a student forum moderated by an NBC 10
personality that will be open to the RIC community to attend and reflect upon
their experience. When asked if they would want to make the trek back up to New
Hampshire in four years for the same experience, the response was overwhelming
in the affirmative.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Columbia Chronicle: Columbia College

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Rahm turns page again, reopens libraries

BYLINE: Aviva Einhorn

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 536 words


Mayor Rahm Emanuel and recently resigned Chicago Public Library Commissioner
Mary Dempsey announced Jan. 20 that libraries will soon see another modification
to CPL branch hours. Although Dempsey's resignation came in the midst of CPL
controversy, she told the Chicago Tribune her decision was not affected by
recent events.

Despite the mayor's initiative to close library branches on Mondays because of
budget cuts, as reported by The Chronicle Jan. 23, libraries will reopen Monday
afternoons during the school year and all day on Mondays when Chicago public
schools are not in session. The changes, prompted by the unpopularity of the
previous ones, will take effect Feb. 6.

According to Carl Sorrell, library associate and president of the CPL Employee
Union, the union is unsatisfied with the revisions, which include reallocating
$2 million in resources and bringing back some former employees and new hires.

"We're thankful that the mayor has decided to bring back some employees that
were laid off and the decision to hire some new employees," Sorrell said.
"However, he needs to give us another four hours and bring back another 133
people so the library branches can be open a full 48 hours during the week."

The union demonstrated its disapproval of the changes Jan. 23, rallying outside
of three CPL branch locations: the Beverly branch, 1962 W. 95th St.; the Little
Village branch, 2311 S. Kedzie Ave.; and the Bucktown-Wicker Park branch, 1701
N. Milwaukee Ave.

"We viewed the rallies as very successful," Sorrell said. "At each location, we
had between 50 and 75 people, as well as community members who joined in,
agreeing that they wanted to see their library hours restored."

In contrast to dissatisfied union workers, Ruth Lednicer, CPL director of
Marketing and Press, said she is grateful that the mayor has restored some staff
and a portion of library funding to allow libraries to reopen on Mondays.

"The mayor had always said during the budget hearings that he was committed to
six days a week service," Lednicer said. "With the restoring of these workers,
we can offer half-day Monday and full-day Friday. Our staff is always thrilled
to be able to be open again and providing service."

According to Lednicer, library workers are pleased to have some former staff
rehired. Branches are frequented after school, and being open on Mondays will
restore this resource for students.

Lednicer said she believes that bringing back employees and opening 20 new
positions during the next few months will help libraries run smoothly and
compensate for the current backup many branches are experiencing because of
staff shortages.

Tom Alexander, spokesman for the Mayor's Office, acknowledged that the mayor and
the CPL union have found little common ground.

"The mayor has proposed a solution publicly many, many times with the support of
the alderman," Alexander said. "When the union rejected that and he proposed a
new solution, which has worked and will result in the libraries reopening.
However, the union is still protesting about it."

It's yet to be seen if and how the union workers will continue to fight for
funding restoration. According to Sorrell, there will be more rallies in the
future if necessary.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Bell Ringer: Augusta State University

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

White's double-double helps Lady Jags end losing skid

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 571 words


"We can't relax because we won one. We have to keep on impoving and keep moving
forward."

Led by Brittany White's 14 points and 11 assists, the Augusta State University
women were able to rally past the UNC-Pembroke Lady Braves on Jan. 25.

"She played well, knocked down her shots when she had a chance," Augusta State
head coach Nate Teymer said of White.

The win helped the Lady Jaguars stop a two-game losing streak and put them in
the position of winning games down the stretch.

"It's a big win for us" said White, a junior guard. "Hopefully we can gain some
momentum going down the stretch."

The Lady Jaguars started the game off behind with a jumper by the Braves' Taylor
Gallentine. After Laci Schreiber hit a jumper to tie the game, the Lady Braves
went on a 6-0 run to lead 8-2, led by guard DeDe Cotton with two 3-pointers. The
Jaguars eventually bounced back and took the lead late in the first half.
The Jaguars were up by five with two minutes left in the first half, when the
Braves started gaining momentum and pulled within two by halftime with a
buzzer-beating 3 by DeDe Cotton.

Teymer said his team was able slow down the Braves' momentum by "scoring on the
offensive end and (stopping) them on the defensive end."

At halftime, the Braves had made 45 percent of their field goals and made five
out of six free throws, while the Jaguars only made 41.9 percent of their field
goals and made 0 percent of their free throws. Despite being behind in stats,
the Jaguars were up 31-29.

At the start of the second half, the Braves started a 6-0 run behind a layup
from Courtney Bolton to take an early 4-point lead. The Jaguars were able to
rally with a 3-pointer by Becky Newhouse. The Jaguars were eventually able to
take the lead again with layup by junior center Marina Fox.

The middle of the second half was a seesaw battle with the lead changing twice
within that time.
With 9:03 remaining in the second half, Cotton was fouled hard after getting a
rebound and would have to leave the game for a few minutes. Despite Cotton's
absence, the Braves were up by three with seven minutes left by the time she
returned.

The Jaguars would come back from behind a layup by Fox and a jumper by sophomore
Jemimah Ashby. The Braves would answer with a 3-pointer by Cotton. The Jaguars
would answer back with a 3-pointer from Peterson. The Jaguars would retake the
lead with about two minutes left in the game with a 3-pointer by White. The
Jaguars would not give up the lead the rest of the game. White clinched the game
with two free throws with 30 seconds left on the clock. The Jaguars would go on
to win 59-51.
White had the best performance, having produced her first  career double-double.

"I'm so happy, I don't know what to do with myself right now," she said.

White said she was glad her team was able to pull off the win and remain focus.

"I was tired of losing," White said. "I'm glad my teammates were able to remain
focus at the end."
Peterson led all Jaguar scorers with 15 points and making five of nine
3-pointers. Fox had her highest scoring game with 12 points and added 4
rebounds, and 1 block. The Braves' Cotton led all scorers with 22 points, making
three of four free throws and shooting 7-of-11 from the floor.

Teymer said their goal is to make the conference tournament, and he feels they
shouldn't slow down now.

"We can't relax because we won one," Teymer said. "We have to keep on improving
and keep moving forward."

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              Daily Bruin: University of California - Los Angeles

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Freshmen lead UCLA women's tennis in sweep over UC Irvine

BYLINE: Emilio Ronquillo

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 571 words


Lexy AtmoreSenior McCall Jones paired with freshman Chanelle Van Nguyen for the
first time Wednesday, when the duo found success against UC Irvine's doubles
pairing with an 8-5 win.The story between UCLA and UC Irvine's women's tennis
teams remained unchanged as the Bruins swept the Anteaters 7-0 at the Los
Angeles Tennis Center, but an abundance of new faces wrote this year's script.
"It was a good first match for us, having such a young team get the jitters out.
It was good for (the freshmen) to have a match that they felt they were in conol
of," said coach Stella Sampras Webster, whose teams have not lost to UC Irvine
this century. UCLA's win showcased the prowess of its most recent recruiting
class.

With sophomore Courtney Dolehide and senior Carling Seguso banged up, the Bruins
deployed freshmen in four of the six singles spots and three of the six doubles
slots. While the match's conclusion may read as utter UCLA supremacy, the
Bruins' path to a complete victory was met with considerable Anteater resistance
toward the end of two sets, each involving freshmen. Freshman Robin Anderson
easily took her first singles set 6-1, but had to rally from a 4-5 deficit in
the second set, eventually winning a tiebreaker against UC Irvine junior
Kristina Smith. "She was making me play a lot of balls, and I was making a few
more errors than in the first set. She started going for a few more of her shots
when she got some confidence and made a few winners," Anderson said. Anderson
righted herself by playing more patiently. "I served a little bit better, and
made her play a lot more shots. Instead of going for the winner on the first few
balls, I rallied a bit more," she said. Freshman Chanelle Van Nguyen paired with
senior McCall Jones to contribute to UCLA's doubles sweep, claiming their set
8-5. The duo's lead sat at 6-5 after a set involving a rally in which the
Anteaters hit to Van Nguyen for more than five consecutive shots. Intentional or
not, the amount of balls placed near Van Nguyen failed to rattle the freshman.
"The ball was short, and I'm solid at the net. I'm comfortable at the net, and
don't mind when they hit it to me," Van Nguyen said. UCLA lost the first point
of the next game, which had Van Nguyen serving, but the two Bruins would not
surrender a point for the rest of the set. The match was Van Nguyen's first with
Jones, who won her singles match 6-2, 6-4. Jones acknowledged Van Nguyen's net
game and the complementarity of their styles."I'm an aggressive baseliner, and
she's pretty aggressive and active at the net, so we work well together," Jones
said. Freshman Kaitlyn Ray also impressed in her regular-season college debut,
vanquishing her opponent 6-1, 6-1 in saight sets en route to UCLA's first
singles point win, while fellow freshman Morton won her singles point 6-4, 6-2.
Not to be left out, Dolehide, a scratch from the singles lineup because of a
sess fracture in her foot, joined junior Pamela Montez for an 8-3 doubles win.
Montez earned a win in singles as well, notching a 6-0, 6-4 victory.UCLA's
beating of UC Irvine on the sength of its freshman fulfills Sampras Webster's
desire of seeing her young players rise to the occasion, despite how hard they
can be to read. "With freshmen, you don't know who or what is going to show up.
You just hope that they know what they have to do and deal with whatever
adversity that comes their way," Sampras Webster said.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Optimist: Abilene Christian University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

'Beware' tackles Christian challenges

BYLINE: Samantha Sutherland

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 640 words


Posted on January 24, 2012 | News, Showcase | Comments Off

The Chapel Office welcomed the "Beware of Christians" crew to campus Monday and
offered students a day full of opportunities to engage with the cast.

"Beware of Christians" is a documentary that was released in 2010 and that has
been circulating the country as a speaking and film tour.

In the film, four recent college graduates journey to Europe to find answers to
tough questions about Christianity. The men attempt to define what it means be a
Christian. Between Chapel, a lunch and two forums, three of the four members of
the team had the opportunity to share their stories and discuss what they
learned about living out a Christian life.

Alex Carroll, one of the producers and stars in the film, said his hope is that
people who watch the film will realize that faith is made up of more than what
they have grown up around. He challenges them to ask questions about why they
really believe that Jesus died on the cross for them.

"If you never ask yourself those questions and if you don't come to it on your
own understanding, then it's not going to be your own faith," Carroll said. "So
make your faith your own; ask yourself the tough questions."

The film covered the topics included Christian identity, materialism, sex and
relationships among others.  The group spent the two weeks before they left the
country fleshing out a list of topics they wanted to address, but they forgot
the list in the U.S.

The topics center around "What they're doing is defining Christianity," said
Meredith Wilson,  a former ACU student. "They go on a journey to different
countries to define Christianity, because they're so engulfed in American
culture that they don't know what it looks like from an outside perspective."

Wilson said what she most appreciated about the film was that it sparked a
conversation between her and her friends afterwards.

"Christianity is what you make of it," Wilson said. "You shouldn't be so worried
about claiming the title of Christian; it's been given such a bad name. If you
worry about that then it's never going to change."

Carroll said that the three guys possessed the exact skills they have needed to
get to where they are now. Will Bakke graduated with a degree in film from
Baylor. Michael B. Allen is skilled in web technology and manages Riot Studios'
website. Carroll went to Georgetown business school and implements those skills
at Riot Studios.

"We feel like we have three pieces to be successful in the film industry and so
that's what we're going to do. So we don't ever try to put ourselves out there
like we're a big deal," Carroll said.  and we realize that this can all be taken
away from us so quickly."

Carroll said, however, that they could use continued support. Outside of
financial support, people can also help via Twitter and Facebook, since
investors take all elements of success into account when deciding if they will
help fund another film.

"You're the only ones that can make that stuff happen," Carroll said. "And
you're the only way that Hollywood gets movies besides ones like 'Contraband'."

Since the first Abilene showing, the movement surrounding the documentary has
gained momentum. Their Facebook following grew from about 2,000 during the first
tour to more than 34,000 likes.

"I don't think any of us thought that it would get to the place where we are
now," Carroll said. "Normally documentaries don't ever get past a certain
height. I never thought that we would get to the point where we're showing it to
1,500 students at Abilene Christian; it's been such a blessing to have all this
support."

"This is only the beginning," Carroll said. "We go 68 more places after this.
This will probably be our biggest event but it's good that we got to start out
with this one because everything else will be somewhat less daunting."

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Optimist: Abilene Christian University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

'Beware' tackles Christian challenges

BYLINE: Samantha Sutherland

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 649 words

'Beware' tackles Christian challenges

By Samantha Sutherland
Posted on January 24, 2012 | News, Showcase | Comments Off

The Chapel Office welcomed the "Beware of Christians" crew to campus Monday and
offered students a day full of opportunities to engage with the cast.

"Beware of Christians" is a documentary that was released in 2010 and that has
been circulating the country as a speaking and film tour.

In the film, four recent college graduates journey to Europe to find answers to
tough questions about Christianity. The men attempt to define what it means be a
Christian. Between Chapel, a lunch and two forums, three of the four members of
the team had the opportunity to share their stories and discuss what they
learned about living out a Christian life.

Alex Carroll, one of the producers and stars in the film, said his hope is that
people who watch the film will realize that faith is made up of more than what
they have grown up around. He challenges them to ask questions about why they
really believe that Jesus died on the cross for them.

"If you never ask yourself those questions and if you don't come to it on your
own understanding, then it's not going to be your own faith," Carroll said. "So
make your faith your own; ask yourself the tough questions."

The film covered the topics included Christian identity, materialism, sex and
relationships among others.  The group spent the two weeks before they left the
country fleshing out a list of topics they wanted to address, but they forgot
the list in the U.S.

The topics center around "What they're doing is defining Christianity," said
Meredith Wilson,  a former ACU student. "They go on a journey to different
countries to define Christianity, because they're so engulfed in American
culture that they don't know what it looks like from an outside perspective."

Wilson said what she most appreciated about the film was that it sparked a
conversation between her and her friends afterwards.

"Christianity is what you make of it," Wilson said. "You shouldn't be so worried
about claiming the title of Christian; it's been given such a bad name. If you
worry about that then it's never going to change."

Carroll said that the three guys possessed the exact skills they have needed to
get to where they are now. Will Bakke graduated with a degree in film from
Baylor. Michael B. Allen is skilled in web technology and manages Riot Studios'
website. Carroll went to Georgetown business school and implements those skills
at Riot Studios.

"We feel like we have three pieces to be successful in the film industry and so
that's what we're going to do. So we don't ever try to put ourselves out there
like we're a big deal," Carroll said.  and we realize that this can all be taken
away from us so quickly."

Carroll said, however, that they could use continued support. Outside of
financial support, people can also help via Twitter and Facebook, since
investors take all elements of success into account when deciding if they will
help fund another film.

"You're the only ones that can make that stuff happen," Carroll said. "And
you're the only way that Hollywood gets movies besides ones like 'Contraband'."

Since the first Abilene showing, the movement surrounding the documentary has
gained momentum. Their Facebook following grew from about 2,000 during the first
tour to more than 34,000 likes.

"I don't think any of us thought that it would get to the place where we are
now," Carroll said. "Normally documentaries don't ever get past a certain
height. I never thought that we would get to the point where we're showing it to
1,500 students at Abilene Christian; it's been such a blessing to have all this
support."

"This is only the beginning," Carroll said. "We go 68 more places after this.
This will probably be our biggest event but it's good that we got to start out
with this one because everything else will be somewhat less daunting."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     Chicago Maroon: University of Chicago

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Court shines light on 'Invisible Man'

BYLINE: Anna Hill

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 773 words


Photo: Michael BrosilowTeagle F. Bougere demands to be seen in Court Theatre's
Invisible Man. A glowing mass of light, hundreds of bulbs strong, hangs ghostly
in the air above the stage at Court Theatre. The cloud cuts to black, and from
the close darkness, a haunting voice reverberates: "I am an invisible man."

The stage production of Ralph Ellison'sInvisible Man made its world premiere on
Saturday here in Chicago, where adaptor Oren Jacoby and director Christopher
McElroen have tackled the significant challenge of translating this giant of an
American classic to the stage. The production explores, with gritty and intimate
honesty, the tensions surrounding race, identity, and power that Ellison
emphasizes in his depictions of the turbulence of the American 1930s.

I'll admit, as I sat in the audience and readied myself for the three-hour
presentation, I was a bit skeptical-the story passes through so many locations
and times and states of mind that I had no idea how they were going to pull it
off. Cross-country travel? Explosions? Flashbacks? This was going to be
interesting.

But my apprehensions were soon quelled as the nameless protagonist (played by
Teagle F. Bougere), full-voiced and expressive, gripped my attention with an
energetic sincerity that was both humorous and deeply distressing. The audience
travels with him from the Deep South to Harlem as he discovers, through
failures, sabotages, and mishaps, from colleges to paint factories to hospitals
to brotherhoods, his role in society-namely, that he has none. Bougere's
performance, nothing short of extraordinary, offers a rich glimpse into the
young man's acceptance of his own invisibility. I felt drawn to the story by the
depth of his emotional scope (I mean, quite literally, drawn-more than once I
found myself on the physical edge of my seat, leaning forward into my neighbor's
view...no wonder she kept clearing her throat).

Throughout his travels, the young protagonist encounters a range of memorable
characters, including Brother Jack (Lance Stuart Baker), the leader of a
multiracial Brotherhood dedicated to social change. The group forces our young
invisible man to further question his identity, as his role in the not-so-subtly
communist Brotherhood is largely characterized by manipulation. The severity in
Baker's performance is both convincing and unsettling, and contributes to the
growing sense of chaos that gains speed in the last part of the production and
finally erupts in race-driven pandemonium that chases the protagonist to his
underground lair, where we first encountered him-"the end is in the beginning."

Against the backdrop of the flashing riots, hot-blooded Ras the Exhorter (Paul
Oakley Stovall), an outspoken sensationalist who threatens the Brotherhood's
peaceful tactics, incites more violence. Stovall produces several compelling
performances as bit characters throughout the play (including a quick but lovely
song during the funeral of one of the Brotherhood's members), but he is most
memorable as Ras, embodying the character with a true passion and fiery bursts
that invigorate the story and keep its fast-paced action rolling.

Both A.C. Smith and Kenn E. Head demonstrate impressive range throughout the
piece (I almost didn't recognize Head as the humorous yam-seller after having
seen his chilling performance as the protagonist's grandfather), and Christopher
Boykin's interpretation of Todd Clifton, the young member of the Brotherhood who
is shot down while fleeing from a policeman, inspires honest compassion and
ultimately, pity. The cast assembles and harmonizes with a subtle fluidity that
lends a unique sense of color to the entire production.

Though the driving power ofInvisible Man lies in the production's skilled cast,
Troy Hourie (Scenic Design), John Culbert (Lighting Design), and Josh Horvath
(Sound Design) have created a truly thrilling world of spinning doors, sparking
electricity, and blinding explosions. While Alex Koch's projections lend a
tangible sense of movement to the production, they are distracting at times-I
often found myself confusedly staring at a screen at the back of the stage that
depicted a Picasso-esque variation of morphing facial features, asking myself,
"Where did that nose go? Why is Quasimodo on stage?" But overall, the scenic
presentations generally infused the production with a powerful energy.

So, they won me over-they really won me over. The production was captivating,
exhilarating, and profound. At the close, exhaling deeply beneath the once-again
glowing cloud of light, the protagonist is anything but invisible-and for that,
the audience is thankful.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                      The Maroon Tiger: Morehouse College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

The Battle Against Internet Piracy

SECTION: BUSINESS-AND-TECHNOLOGY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 318 words


Last week, dozens of popular websites, and millions of Internet users came
together to strike against the Stop Online Piracy and PROTECT IP Acts (SOPA and
PIPA). This protest became the largest online strike in history and, in turn,
caused Lamar Smith, the chief sponsor of SOPA, to pull the bill "until there is
wider agreement on a solution."

Smith also released the following statement:

"We need to revisit the approach on how best to address the problem of foreign
thieves that steal and sell American inventions and products. The problem of
online piracy is too big to ignore...The theft of America's intellectual
property costs the U.S. economy more than $100 billion annually and results in
the loss of thousands of American jobs. Congress cannot stand by and do nothing
while American innovators and job creators are under attack."

Silicon Valley giant, Google, also showed their strong opposition towards the
bill by censoring its logo for a period of 24 hours.

Google issued the following statement on its website:

"The censorship regulations written into these bills won't shut down pirate
sites. These sites will just change their addresses and continue their criminal
activities, while law-abiding companies will suffer high penalties for breaches
they can't possibly control."

So where do SOPA and PIPA stand now? They aren't dead, but they exist in a
stagnant state. It is true that the case of internet piracy will continue to be
a growing concern in coming years. The question is how legislators will
harmonize with tech companies and the people to find a meaningful approach to
the situation. Jobs and money have been lost, but provisions that can encourage
censorship must be eradicated. The Internet deserves to be free and open in
order to encourage maturation and to sustain the ever-growing creative community
it has created.

O'Koyea Huff-Boone

Business and Technology Editor

okoyeahb@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The McGill Tribune: McGill University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

The McGill Tribune Towards an unlimited student strike at McGill

BYLINE: Kevin Paul

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 214 words


McGill Tribune

The Quebec student movement is gearing up for a winter of action against the
government's proposed tuition hike. In coming months, an unlimited general
strike will play an essential role. McGill can and must be a part of it.

The Quebec government seeks a $1,625 raise in the annual base fee paid by all
students, to be imposed in increments over five years, starting this fall.
That's a 75 per cent hike for Quebec students, and the government has left open
the possibility of steeper increases for out-of-province and international
students.

If we allow the hike to come into effect, university education will become less
accessible. Groups that tend to have more difficulty paying for university will
be the most affected by the hike, worsening social inequalities. Since available
financial aid will remain inadequate, students will face surging debt burdens,
which act to channel us into high-paid corporate jobs, rather than work we might
find more fulfilling.

Education is a right, not a privilege. In fact, Quebec agreed to respect this
principle when it signed a 1976 UN declaration holding that "higher education
shall be made equally accessible to all, on the basis of capacity, by every
appropriate means, and in particular by the progressive introduction of free

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Princetonian: Princeton University

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

OWS debate covers issues, motives, inequality of sit-in

BYLINE: Regina Wang

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 869 words


An Occupy Wall Street forum held on Friday centered on the justification for the
Occupy Wall Street movement and its goals and consequences, beginning with
statements by the eight participants and ending with questions from the
audience.

Sponsored by the Princeton Corporate Finance Club, participants included
anti-Occupy students invited by the club and members of the ongoing Occupy
Princeton campus initiative.

The pro-Occupy side started the debate off with a statement by Maria Krupenkin
'14 on the intent behind the Occupy movement, which she described as a response
to corporate greed.

"Wall Street has used money to influence government policy in its favor,
crippling real legislation that is meant to protect the consumer," Krupenkin
said.

On the anti-Occupy side, Christian Fong '14 responded that the Occupy movement,
with all its diverse demands, "ignores the considerable contributions to the
material well-being of normal people" made by the financial industry. Fong added
that financial regulations on trading mortgages would make ordinary people worse
off.

Brian Moore '15 of the pro-Occupy side responded that the rich continue to get
richer, and the collapse of the house of cards they built up instigated the
recession. He also accused the financial industry of using its money to
influence policy while engaging in risky behavior that increased the likelihood
of recession.

While Samuel Norton '12 of the anti-Occupy side conceded that income inequality
exists and has increased in past years, he challenged the pro-Occupy side to
define what constituted a correct level of inequality and also attributed the
inequality at least in part to a shift from a manufacturing economy to a
service-based economy.

The pro-Occupy side responded with a justification of the Occupy movement and a
condemnation of Wall Street.

"The essential justification is where you have thousands of people who come to
Wall Street because they've lost their jobs, because they've been laid off,
because their hours have been cut, and when they look at the reason why, it's
really a very select group of people who profited immensely - and still profit
immensely - while they drove the economy into a wall," Trevor Klee '15 said.

The anti-Occupy side disputed the actions of the Occupy movement, mentioning the
recent protest at J.P. Morgan and Goldman Sachs recruiting events.

"I personally believe that is a counterproductive thing to do," Kevin Henneck
'13 said. "Perhaps it's not fair to attribute what happened at the info session
to the Occupy movement at large, but this is what happens when you start a
fire."

Henneck is also a senior writer for sports for The Daily Princetonian.

The pro-Occupy response focused again on income inequality, as Peter Favaloro
'12 discussed how, while many dispute inequality in terms of personal values,
"income inequality is bad for growth; it's bad for everyone, not just bad for
the poor but bad for the rich, too."

While Favaloro focused on the economic downsides of income inequality, fellow
pro-Occupy member Aryeh Nussbaum Cohen '15 emphasized the lack of fairness,
claiming that the rich continue to get richer by exploiting American politics
and suggested the Occupy Wall Street movement now move beyond its original goal
of raising awareness to a new phase.

"The Tea Party has great influence, especially on government policy," Cohen
said. "I think that is where Occupy Wall Street needs to go to bring the change
the movement wants and also what America needs."

After each of the eight participants in the debate had a chance to speak,
participants began to address more of the opposing side's arguments, clashing
over what the movement can accomplish and the culpability of the financial
sector.

While pro-Occupy members stated the movement's purpose of "untilting the playing
field" and "getting problems into the national dialogue," anti-Occupy members
criticized the movement's lack of focus and 99 percent versus 1 percent slogan
"because it's easy to believe that because you're part of the 99 percent then
you're not part of the problem."

Anti-Occupy members added that higher taxes would cripple charitable
organizations reliant on tax-exempt donations and pro-Occupy members pointed to
the Bush years as evidence that tax cuts do not "trickle down" or create jobs.

At the end of the discussion, Wilson School professor Stanley Katz, the
moderator of the debate, made a final statement about how pleased he was to see
this discussion happening.

"I've been at the University for 33 years now, and I've seen a very low level of
civic engagement over all these years," Katz said. "One thing I would like to
see is for students to become more dramatically engaged and for the University
to encourage students to go and follow their passions."

Members of the audience complimented the debaters for addressing the issues
behind the movement and focusing on specific goals of Occupy protesters that are
often hard to pinpoint.

"I really enjoyed how they didn't just talk about if Occupy Wall Street is
harming the civilian nation or not but actually about the issues," Rafael Grillo
'14 said. "Not just whether the movement was justified but its policies."

The debate was held in Whig Hall.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                Badger Herald: University of Wisconsin - Madison

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday

Police, firefighters' special status reveal Walker's agenda

BYLINE: Ryan PleshThe Badger Herald

SECTION: OPED; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 676 words


Last February, Gov. Scott Walker proposed a budget bill that included massive
cuts for state employees, prompting massive demonstrations in Madison. The most
controversial provisions in the legislation eliminated collective bargaining
rights for the unions representing state employees and also forced them to pay
much more for health care benefits. Most state employees eventually conceded
paying more for health care benefits is not entirely unfair, but the stripping
of collective bargaining rights was seen simply as a way for the governor to
consolidate power over the unions.

The alleged impetus for cutting the bargaining rights of the unions, according
to Walker, was to balance the budget. Interestingly though, firefighters and
police officers were exempt from the changes regarding collective bargaining
rights, despite the fact that they are a large contingency of state employees.
It seems clear enough Walker could have employed less divisive means toward
balancing the budget, but obviously exempting certain state employees would only
lead to complaints of unfairness from the others.

Walker claims excluding firefighters and police officers from the collective
bargaining rights arrangement was necessary in order to ensure public safety in
case of unrest resulting from the new changes. Curiously, this indicates Walker
rightly anticipated the legislation would be controversial, even though he
believed no one should be surprised by it.

It's intriguing Walker does not even try to offer an alternative explanation for
why firefighters and police officers were exempt. He does not even try to make
the case they need not be included because it would not help balance the budget,
even though this is his stated objective. He also does not try to make the case
that firefighters and police officers deserve greater benefits because the work
they do is more difficult or more important. Walker simply stated firefighters
and police officers were excluded because it is imperative they do not strike
during a time of public unrest as a consequence of the cuts.

In other words, it was a compromise. The governor was willing to compromise when
it allowed him to achieve his objective. Yet he would not compromise his
principles when it came to allowing state employees to keep their health care
benefits and collective bargaining rights, because they should have no greater
benefits or rights than private sector employee. This raises the question of
what exactly Walker's goal is.

We can debate whether Walker's budget bill was necessary, prudent or simply
destructive, but there can be no doubt about the fairness of creating two
classes of state employees. It's absolutely unfair firefighters and police
officers should get to keep the same benefits and rights which other state
employees are deprived of, simply because of their usefulness in implementing
Walker's policies.

I have spoken to many people from different parts of Wisconsin, and there
certainly is no consensus regarding whether Walker's legislation is fair. Some
of the people I've spoken with, including state employees, think that it is
perfectly reasonable. Others, willing to brave the bitter Wisconsin winter
gathered at the Capitol to show they do not support the legislation. Personally,
I find the cuts unfair, but in the words of Gerald Ford, "A government big
enough to give you everything you want is a government big enough to take from
you everything you have."

I think most Wisconsinites would be ready and willing to have a respectful
debate over what the best way to balance the budget is, but dividing people,
especially in this way, is not the best solution. The only reason the
firefighters and police get to keep their rights and benefits while no other
state employees do is because they hold the guns. And hoses, but guns are more
dramatic, so let's stick with that. Walker needs them because without their
support, he can't do much. But that doesn't necessarily make them more
deserving.

Ryan Plesh (rplesh@wisc.edu) is a senior majoring in philosophy and physics.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             The California Aggie: University of California - Davis

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Column: War on campus diversity

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 770 words


UC Davis' campus diversity centers provide vital services that enrich the lives
of students and faculty at our school. While some might argue that we should cut
programs like the Women's Resource and Research Center , Cross-Cultural Center
or the Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender Resource Center , I believe funding for
them should be expanded.

In a recent column, Sam Hoel argued that diversity programs are "administrators'
weapons of choice," a way of obtaining a greater portion of the budget. As
evidence, he cited the salary of the Vice Dean in charge of the Office of Campus
Community Relations .

It's true that too much money is spent on administration at UC Davis. However,
it requires a verbal sleight of hand to conflate the administrators overseeing
the OCCR with the programs it coordinates. The School of Medicine is served by a
dean who made $803,247.68 in 2010. Should we cut that program, too?

These programs aren't the product of a management "fad" or a scheme to funnel
money to administrators. Instead, they represent a long history of gains won by
the grassroots struggles of students. The CCC, for example, was founded in 1992
only after four students held a hunger strike demanding it.

Far from superfluous bureaucracies, these programs directly provide guidance and
resources for students, faculty and staff while giving them a space to organize
and empower themselves.

For example, the WRRC offers a confidential community counselor. With the
center, women-identified students have a safe and supportive space where they
can talk about personal and professional issues. The center also organizes peer
education, workshops and scholarships, while maintaining an extensive library.

These services cannot be carried out by students and faculty on their own time.
An informal student group that meets every week would be unable to provide the
same level of consistent, campus-wide support. Effective cultural diversity
programs require university funding, including paid staff and office space.

And the campus desperately needs them. Between 2008 and 2010, campus police
reported 66 forcible sex offenses. Programs like the WRRC provide support for
victims of sexual assault, education to raise awareness about the issue and
advocacy when student needs are overlooked or ignored. If we cut those programs,
students lose community, comfort and a powerful voice on campus.

The same could be said about the LGBTRC, whose queer mentorship program and
social events allow students who are coming out or just new to UC Davis a chance
to participate in a safe and welcoming campus community. If you drop by the
center, you'll also find Safe Zone training, queer leadership events and free,
confidential HIV antibody testing.

Anyone who thinks the LGBT community in UC Davis can do without the center has a
short memory. Less than two years ago, a vandal spray painted the center with
homophobic slurs.

Meanwhile, more recent events such as the yellow ribbon noose incident and the
Ku Klux Klan hood posted on the African American themed floor of Campbell Hall
show that, yes, we still need programs like the Cross-Cultural Center.

But it's true that we don't need spectacular instances of hatred to realize that
heterosexism, homophobia, sexism and racism are alive and well on our campus.
From subtle forms of discrimination to the absence of unisex bathrooms in most
campus buildings, we can see our campus has a long way to go.

Indeed, the fact that these issues are invisible to some on campus is part of
the problem. While the majority of students condemn blatant forms of bigotry,
most remain unaware of their own privilege.

For example, as a white, heterosexual male and a native speaker of English, I
can be sure that my cultural heritage will be well represented in my department.
Moreover, unlike female instructors, I don't have to worry much about my
classroom apparel and, unlike gay instructors, I do not have to think very hard
about revealing my sexual orientation.

In fact, my privilege has allowed me to remain heretofore unaware of many of the
services these centers provide on campus. (Nobody has ever needed to formally
mentor a male heterosexual to put him in touch with other heterosexuals.)

But this is not the fault of UC Davis diversity programs, which expend a great
deal of time and energy on outreach. Rather, the fault lies with the
indifference of privileged members of the campus body. Clearly, we should
provide greater material support and solidarity for cultural diversity on our
campus.

JORDAN S. CARROLL is a PhD student in English at UC Davis and can be reached at
jscarroll@ucdavis.edu

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                The Griffon News: Missouri Western State College

                             January 2, 2012 Monday

Q & A: Keisha Caldwell

BYLINE: Ellis Cross

SECTION: LIFESTYLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 521 words


Black Leader of the Week, Keisha Caldwell

The President of WAC, Keisha Caldwell, is not only involved in WAC but also
plays a role as a program assistant in the Center for Multicultural Education.
This places her in a unique position to represent students in both
organizations.

"I know what my constituents want and I represent them and their interest,"
Caldwell said. She admits that she used to be very shy and claims that serving
others has helped her to overcome shyness. It was the second semester of her
freshman year when she went to her first WAC meeting. "I loved it and I never
left," Caldwell said.

Q: What attracted you to this line of work?
A: When I first started going to MWSU I attended CME programs and really enjoyed
them. I particularly like the way the program challenged my thinking. Before you
go to college you have the influence of how you parents have molded you into
what they want you to be, what they want you to think, who your friends should
be, and what school they want you to go to. The CME programs challenged me to
think for myself.

Q: Which black leader would you say is your role model?
A: It actually changed over time; right now it is Harriet Jacobs. I went to a
play depicting her life story. She is my current role model because even with
years of sexual harassment from her slave master she held strong and never gave
in to him. While watching the play I realized, as a black woman, I have choices.

Q: In what way do you think black leaders have had the most impact on society?
A: The greatest impact has been the civil rights issues that were championed by
Martin Luther King Jr., Malcolm X, Reverend Al Sharpton, Jessie Jackson, and
President Obama; they laid the foundation to where we are today.

Q: In the last ten years, how do you think black leaders have affected America?
A: There are really so many. Even lately I heard that Rev. Al Sharpton went on a
hunger strike and lost 40 pounds to bring attention to his cause. For me it is
more local. The CME organization has changed me and others by creating good
leaders.

Q: How was the election of the first black president affected your life?
A: I was a sophomore when President Obama was elected. I will always remember
being in the CME as we experienced him taking office. I thought to myself, how
he is taking power in my lifetime. I get to experience it.

Q: What does it take to be a black leader in America?
A: You must be strong and stick to the basics principles you know are right.
Speak for your constituents.

Q: What do you hope students/people in general learn from Black History Month?
A: I hope they will continue to learn about black history past February. This
month should wet their appetite to learn all year long.

Q: What do you feel is the most important aspect of multicultural studies?
A: It enables you to think outside of what you know and were raised with. You
can find out about others and learn from other culture believe and think.

Q: What do you believe is/was the biggest impact black leaders have had on
society?
A: The opportunity to educate yourself has had the biggest impact but a close
second is the right to vote.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                        The Profile: Agnes Scott College

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

For Superbowl XLVI, Giants and Patriots go head to

SECTION: THE-GRIND; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 293 words


by Kelsey GayContent Editor

This Sunday the New England Patriots and the New York Giants will be going head
to head is the Sixty-Sixth Annual Superbowl.  Two high-caliber teams led by
quarterbacks Tom Brady and Eli Manning respectively have been gearing up for the
highly anticipated game this week.

These teams are quite familiar with each other, the Giants had defeated the
Patriots once before in the 2008 Superbowl , 24-20. The Patriots have maintained
a successful front from then on, annihilating both the Washington Redskins and
the Denver Broncos, due to Brady's accurate and smart passing and tight ends,
Aaron Hernandez and Rob Gronkowski's excellent plays on offense.

Photo by Keith Allison

Wes Welker also had an impressive year, with over 1,500 receiving yards. Brady
did seem to be struggling with interceptions while Eli Manning of the Giants,
pushed out a superb 953 passing yards. The Giants have had a tumultuous season,
losing to the Green Bay Packers, former Superbowl Champions. They too have also
redeemed themselves defeating the Dallas Cowboys with the help of Hakeem Nicks
and Victor Cruz, their talented wide receivers.

As far as winners go, I know this game will be all about quarterback pressure.
Defensive pressure on both Manning and Brady will be crucial to getting control
of the ball. Manning is known to pass inconveniently which may be an advantage
for the Patriots.  While Brady has a habit of being sacked, the team's confident
in defensive end, Jason Pierre-Paul, to provide extensive blockage.  I think at
the end of the day, the Patriots will be leaving will yet another Superbowl
Championship... provided that things go as planned.

The Sixty-Sixth Annual Superbowl Game will be broadcast on NBC, Sunday, Feb. 5
at 6:30 p.m. ET.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The University News: Saint Louis University

                           January 18, 2012 Wednesday

College in Prison program broadens horizons

BYLINE: Andrea Royals

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 796 words


The Billiken base has broadened, and through the Monsanto Grow St. Louis
contest, it can keep growing. The Saint Louis University Prison Program, which
offers associate degrees to incarcerated offenders and employees of the Missouri
Department of Corrections, is one of more than 140 local non-profit initiatives
competing for donations of up to $15,000 from Monsanto as part of a contest to
help keep St. Louis growing.

The Prison Program, offered at the Eastern Reception, Diagnostic and
Correctional Center in Bonne Terre, Mo., is funded through private grants. The
award from the Grow St. Louis contest could be used to compensate for tuition,
faculty and administrative costs, such as travel and fees for guest speakers.
The program's first pilot included a certificate in theological studies. The
program is now offering a pilot associate of arts degree, which seeks to earn
$175,000 to be sufficiently funded. According to Kenneth Parker, director of the
program and an associate professor of historical theology, the award from the
Grow St. Louis contest could contribute to the goal.

"This is an opportunity for the SLU community, especially students, to
demonstrate to their fellow students at Bonne Terre and the broader St. Louis
community that SLU cares about incarcerated people and those who work in our
prisons," Parker said.

Parker said he encourages the community to vote at least once per day until Jan.
29 on the Monsanto Grow St. Louis website to help the Prison Program win the
contest.

Mary Gould, a professor of communication who has volunteered to teach public
speaking and small group communication in the program, said that winning the
contest would demonstrate public support for the work the University is doing.

"The educational opportunities we provide, through the classes, workshops and
speaker events we facilitate for the staff and incarcerated for the staff and
incarcerated members of the ERDCC community, accomplish the same goals that we
hope for all of our students of Saint Louis University," Gould said. "To
increase their knowledge base, help them become good citizens and community
members, and live productive and healthy lives."

The Student Government Association has called the student body to participate in
the voting cycle, recognizing that students enrolled in the program are also
part of the SLU community.

SGA is currently implementing initiatives to bridge the main campus with
students at ERDCC, including circulation of The University News to the facility.

"We are called to represent all students," SGA President Matt Ryan said. "As SLU
becomes a global campus, we need to remember that part of our world is just an
hour away."

Ryan and other members of SGA visited the facility last fall, where he said they
learned that the benefits of the program are a "two-way street" and that
students in the program have a lot to offer students on the main campus.

"They teach me things I would have never been able to learn had I not gone
there, like sincerity and appreciation and things we sometimes take for
granted," Ryan said. "They show what it means to be a Billiken in a different
light."

Parker said the SLU Prison Program coincides with the Jesuit mission of the
University. Coining the program a "Matthew 25" project, Parker cites the
scripture that calls others to serve those in need.

"This program speaks to our Catholic Jesuit mission, to be present to those who
are at the margins of our society," Parker said. "Sadly, we must educate the
public that it is not an option to care."

Parker said that 97 percent of the incarcerated population will be released to
society.

"The great question is: How do you want them to return?" Parker said.

More than half of those inmates released are expected to reoffend within three
years. Through higher education, Parker said the program hopes to reduce
recidivism.

The SLU Prison Program is the only initiative offering college degrees in
Missouri correctional facilities.

The ERDCC welcomes private programs to initiate such projects but refrains from
using tax dollars to implement educational opportunities.

"There is a deep and profound need for this positive and important
rehabilitative work," Parker said.

To house one inmate in a Missouri prison, it costs the state $20,863 per
year.Educating those incarcerated could help to ensure that those released do
not return to prison, thus reducing not only tax dollars spent on correctional
facilities, but also crime.

"We have a hidden crisis that is bankrupting our states and making our
communities more dangerous," Parker said. "Your generation will have to turn
this crisis into an opportunity, to create hope where there is despair and
advocate for a different future for yourselves and those who believe that they
have been forgotten.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                       The Criterion: Mesa State College

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday

CMU prepares for accreditation assessment

BYLINE: Nadia Stimack

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 456 words


nstimack@mavs.coloradomesa.edu

Every 10 years, more than 1,000 higher learning institutions prepare for a
comprehensive visit from the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central
Association of Colleges and Schools. Although HLC will not visit CMU until
November 2013, the university is already preparing for their visit.

The HLC is in charge of assuring that colleges and universities are doing the
best possible job of educating students and preparing them for the future. For
the remainder of the school year, CMU will conduct a self-study, evaluating its
strengths and weaknesses. In November, the HLC will read and evaluate the
self-study report, which will examine CMU's eligibility for accreditation
according to the commission's criterion.

"Colleges or universities that do not have accreditation, such as online degree
programs, are not recognized in the professional world or the business world,"
English professor Julie Bruch said. "Any institution that wants its degrees to
mean something in the real world has to be accredited by one of the national
associations that accredit."

Students, faculty, staff and community members are asked to participate in the
study.

"We really invite feedback from students in any aspect of our operations," Bruch
said. "We are insiders, but we are trying to look at it objectively. We are
trying to find where we need to improve, as well as knowing what we're really
good at."

As part of the self-study, faculty and staff have put several hours into
compiling required documents to be turned in for evaluation, including extensive
faculty resumes that demonstrate their teaching qualifications.

"Mesa students deserve educators who are lifelong learners themselves," Business
professor Janice Lawson said. "[They deserve] professionals who stay current
with educational trends and new developments in our field. While the
accreditation process may seem like a hassle, I think it is entirely reasonable
for the faculty to demonstrate our competence to teach at the university level."

Gathering data and credentials from every faculty and staff member will help CMU
prove itself in four different areas. Faculty must uphold their mission to the
university by providing adequate documentation that they are qualified teachers
and advisors to students as well as student organizations. They must also
include any research or scholarship work that they are currently working on or
have done in the past, and must document how they have serviced not only the
campus, but also the community and state as well.

The commission's full criterion can be viewed online at www.ncahlc.org. To
contribute feedback to the self-study, email Bruch at jbruch@coloradomesa.edu,
or stop by her office in Lowell Heiny Hall.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Columbia Chronicle: Columbia College

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

City departments compete for funds

BYLINE: Chris Loeber

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 463 words


Mayor Rahm Emanuel announced a new plan Jan. 11 that will help delegate
supplemental funds to city departments.

The Innovation Loan Fund, part of the mayor's 2012 budget, consists of $20
million set aside for applicants with projects that cannot be funded from their
existing budgets. Departments that seek funding are encouraged to only send
project proposals that demonstrate they will improve city services to residents
and businesses.

"As a city, we must constantly push the envelope and strive for more innovative
solutions so we can deliver the highest quality service with the lowest cost to
taxpayers," Emanuel said in a written statement.

"The Innovation Loan Fund will encourage department employees at every level to
submit their ideas on how we can run this city more efficiently and cost
effectively."

According to Kathleen Strand, director of public information for the mayor's
Economic, Budgetary and Business Development Council, one of the mayor's top
priorities is to find ways to reduce the time it takes for Chicagoans to receive
city services.

"The hope is to decrease the time it takes for residents to get those important
services so they can start their small businesses or build their homes, which is
all very good for them personally but also the local economy as a whole," Strand
said.

The idea for the ILF was inspired by a conversation between Emanuel and
Philadelphia's former Mayor Edward Rendell, who added a similar measure to his
budget to encourage the development of innovative programs in the city's
government, Strand said.

Capital for the ILF is generated from special financing through Chicago's
contract with JCDecaux North America Inc., an outdoor advertising firm that
handles advertisements on the city's bus shelters, according to Strand.

The deadline for applications is Feb. 15. Proposals for project funding must
adhere to a clear set of guidelines and demonstrate eithercost savings or
revenue gains, Strand said.

Departments may be able to acquire additional funds after repaying loans
received through the ILF.

In addition, if different departments combine their efforts to work on the same
project, their ILF loan cap increases from $1 million to $3 million.The Office
of Budget Management will review all applications to make sure they can generate
enough revenue to pay back the original investment. After the review process is
complete, an oversight committee consisting of cabinet leaders and an alderman
who has yet to be selected willvote on the final proposals, Strand said.

"We anticipate an enthusiastic response from the departments, because this is
giving them access to funds they otherwise wouldn't have access to in order to
do some innovative and creative projects, [which] will lead to cost savings and
efficiency," she said.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                Badger Herald: University of Wisconsin - Madison

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday

Eaves pleased with continued growth

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 716 words


A 5-1 record in the last six games is certainly nothing to scoff at.

Three weekends into the second half of its season, the youth-ridden men's hockey
team has finally started to turn its talent into consistent play and,
ultimately, wins.

In his weekly press conference Monday, head coach Mike Eaves credited their
recent success to the continued growth of his squad and the development it has
had through the course of the season.

"We watch video and we're connecting the dots, understanding systems better,
winning more one-on-one battles, doing the things that we have been trying to
improve in practice, we're seeing results in the game now," Eaves said. "It has
helped us to have the record that we have right now."

Over the course of the past six games, the Badgers swept non-conference foe RIT
at home (6-3 and 2-1) and also swept WCHA bottom-feeder Alaska-Anchorage (4-0
and 3-2) this past weekend. Wisconsin also notched their first road win, paired
with freshman netminder Joel Rumpel's first shutout of the season in a 4-0
victory over Minnesota State.

Through that time, Rumpel has surfaced as the No. 1 goaltender, earning two
shutouts and allowing only eight goals.

Eaves acknowledged Rumpel's attention to details, which has translated to
success.

"His growth is like our forwards and defensemen," Eaves said. "In his position,
he's got better at moving the puck. He's got better at his rebound control. He's
raised his level of intensity in terms of detail work to his area as a
goaltender. And as a result, it's helped him get better numbers."

But Eaves also attributed some of Rumpel's success to the skaters in front of
him.

"Our team in front of [Rumpel] is better because we're older. We've been working
on our play away form the puck, which is ultimately going to help him because
we're going to give up fewer scoring chances and fewer shots."

Rumpel wasn't the only Badger reporters couldn't get enough of. In what may be
turning into a standard topic, Eaves fielded yet another question on what junior
defenseman Justin Schultz means to the Badgers.

Schultz - who earned WCHA defensive player of the week honors - is skating to
another standout year, powering the Badgers offense with 37 points - only one
point behind team leader, sophomore forward Mark Zengerle. But Schultz is by no
means a vocal leader. He leads by example, more in his work ethic than anything
else.

"His impact on the team is done on different levels and in different ways,"
Eaves said. "First of all, the type of person he is. He is probably our hardest
working [guy] on our team on a day-to-day basis in practice. And if you're a
younger guy, and you're looking at this guy who is so skilled, and he's our
hardest working, then I want to take that lead as well. So he teaches without
even saying anything."

Similar to Rumpel, what Eaves witnesses Schultz do in practice converts to
success on the ice.

"In games then, his hard work and his ability to play at a high level, it's the
cornerstone of the success that we've had this year. In the games that we've
won, he's been a big part of it. To have a player like that, with the skill and
the work ethic, he becomes your ultimate teacher, because he's in the locker
room when you're not there."

Interesting test awaits this weekend

Despite Wisconsin's 5-1 run to start the second half of the season, it still
sits in the lower half of the WCHA standings at No. 9.

This weekend will prove to be a tough test as Wisconsin travels to North Dakota.

"They play a physical game," Eaves said. "And it's going to be a real good test
for our kids. We as a staff are very much interested to see how we respond and
see if we can play in that atmosphere because that's the kind of atmosphere
you're going to play at when it comes time to win, or try to win a
championship."

Earlier this season, North Dakota made the trip to the Kohl Center and left with
nothing to show for it as Wisconsin swept them 5-3 and 5-4.

But as UND holds strong at No. 6 in the WCHA, Wisconsin is only two points
behind in the standings, with 16 points to North Dakota's 18.

"You do, as a staff, take a step back to take a look at the bigger picture,"
Eaves said. "Right now, because of where we're at, as Coach Shuchuk put it,
these games are almost four-point games for us now as we go down the stretch."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                Badger Herald: University of Wisconsin - Madison

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday

Selflessness ails UW's offense, Eaves still pleased with progress

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 765 words


The Wisconsin men's hockey team (12-12-2) is still trying to produce consistent
results each night.

After losing consecutive games at North Dakota this past weekend, UW head coach
Mike Eaves and the Badgers are hoping to capitalize on the final four series of
the season, two of which will be on the road.

"We're not that far to home ice," Eaves said in his Monday press conference. Yet
the Badgers will likely need to steal a few road games in order to secure home
ice. With 16 points in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association conference
standings, UW sits in ninth place, five points behind sixth-place Nebraska-Omaha
(21).

UW must overcome its inexperience on the road, where it is 1-8-1 on the season.
The relative youth of the team suggests this group has extensive room for
improvement, providing a hopeful outlook for the rest of the season.

Subsequently, Eaves garnered many positives from this past weekend's games at
North Dakota.

"We did a lot of good things," Eaves said. "We competed hard enough in that
building to win, and that's one of our concerns with such a young team. Could we
handle that environment and play physical and go toe to toe? And I think we did
that."

With such a young team, Eaves is looking for leadership from a variety of
characters.

Although Junior Justin Schultz has been unable to find the net consistently as
of late, he has still been a force on the ice.

"He played like a man this weekend, he controlled the game physically and with
his play without the puck," Eaves said. "He is doing so many more good things
away from the puck that he's still an influence in the game."

Schultz's physicality indicates his role as an enforcer on the team, as his
strength serves to stabilize the Badgers from physical teams. Yet from a
leadership standpoint, the team can extrapolate a lot out of his selflessness -
perhaps to a fault.

The team has struggled with seizing opportunities when they arise, and Eaves
stressed that they must "take what's given. If the shot is open, take it."

Eaves noted that against North Dakota, the Badgers "didn't do enough in the
offensive zone to create any sustained offensive pressure and create enough
shots on the net. That was to some degree our demise," he said.

Capitalizing on these opportunities will allow the Badgers to put together more
consistent play, according to Eaves, and perhaps in turn will make the team more
cohesive as they attempt to figure out how to be a bit more selfish with the
puck.

Eaves emphasized that the players need to find their roles and capitalize on
their opportunities.

"Part of that is the psyche. If you don't score, do you want that responsibility
of not being that guy who didn't score?," he said. "If you make a pass it's okay
because you tried to pass it, tried to set up your teammate. So you don't take
as much responsibility.

"Guys don't want to be labeled selfish," Eaves said. But he also emphasized he
wants the team to "take the responsibility and shoot. You're not being selfish;
you're taking what's given."

Taking opportunistic shots and creating pressure on opposing defenses will also
take pressure off another emerging leader on the team - freshman goaltender Joel
Rumpel.

Since Jan. 7, Rumpel has only allowed 1.86 goals per game, and Eaves indicated
that Rumpel has been developing nicely, along with other players.

"It's still a group of young people that are young in their development, and we
will continue the process of coaching them and helping them get better," Eaves
said.

In the game against North Dakota, Rumpel epitomized the Badgers' resiliency and
desire for improvement this season.

"He walked off the ice, he said, 'Coach, I just lost it in the background.' But
what was particularly important was how he responded to that," Eaves said. "He
played very well after that; he kept us in the game in the second period with
that breakaway save."

Rumpel signifies the youth of the Badgers, but he also illustrates their
capabilities. According to Eaves, if they can rebound from poor play and learn
from it, they can then start to consistently take advantage of opportunities,
such as the breakaway save.

In Rumpel's case, Eaves saw it as a microcosm of what the team should strive to
accomplish, which is ultimately learning from its mistakes.

"That was a little look into his mindset. He let it go, he bounced right back
and played very well," Eaves said. "I thought he handled the environment very
well. It was a nice step forward for Joel.

"We gave ourselves a chance to win, [and] we came up short, but how can we take
what we saw and transform that into something of value"?

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                Badger Herald: University of Wisconsin - Madison

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday

Students need to step up ACC input

BYLINE: Alex BrousseauThe Badger Herald

SECTION: OPED; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 581 words


As chair of the Associated Students of Madison Constitutional Committee, I am
deeply disappointed with the lack of response - negative or positive - that our
student body has given toward our efforts to improve our student government's
constitution.

At our opening press conference, attendance was high, with representatives from
the following organizations in attendance: ASM Student Council (including Chair
Allie Gardner), ASM Student Services Finance Committee, F.H. King Students for
Sustainable Agriculture, Greater University Tuition Services, Multicultural
Student Coalition, Wisconsin Student Lobby, Wisconsin Student Public Interest
Research Group, StudentPrint and the Working Class Student Union.

Interest appeared high. Students appeared to want to be involved. They came with
great suggestions and thoughtful criticism, which was excellent given the small
window they had to review the document. And then, nothing.

There has been little to no attendance at the ACC information sessions. Members
of the committee sit in a large room, waiting for students to come and give
their input. But we are disappointed every time.

This lack of participation simply perpetuates the idea that students, while
quick to criticize, simply do not give a damn.

Last semester, while the committee was formulating its game plan, I was told
numerous times that students simply do not care enough about ASM to get involved
and that seeking student input would be worthless. "Students are apathetic,"
they said. "They are quick to criticize, but don't care enough to want to fix
it."

The ACC could have listened to these individuals and pushed for this document to
be adopted as-is, foregoing student input or any sort of transparency. Instead,
we decided to give the student body the benefit of the doubt. We thought
students would see how inept ASM is and want to be a part of solution, or that
they would want to be involved in how they are represented at the student
government, University of Wisconsin administration and state level.

So far, we have been proven dead wrong.

For the criticism we received at the beginning of the process - for our lack of
transparency, for not including enough students in the drafting process and for
rushing the adoption of the document - no one has come forward.

We are now 100 percent transparent, with all the information about the committee
and the documents up on our website (www.asmconstitution.com) and Facebook page
(Students for a More Effective ASM). Every single student is now involved in the
drafting process, and is encouraged to come forward with ideas and amendments at
our information sessions or via email (future.asm@gmail.com). Although we are
only holding open meetings for two weeks, we are eagerly awaiting the supposed
throngs of individuals who have ideas on how to better the new constitution.

The ACC brought this document before the student body because we could not in
good faith advocate for changes without the input of those who it affects.
However, if students are not willing to participate, we cannot do our job.

Please help us represent you before our student government by coming to our
remaining information sessions, participating in our debate and being a part of
the process. I hope you can feel motivated to step up and tell us what you
think, whether you agree with me or not.

Alex Brousseau (abrousseau@badgerherald.com) is a second year law student and
the chair of the Associated Students of Madison Constitutional Committee.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             The California Aggie: University of California - Davis

                            January 10, 2012 Tuesday

City's Occupy Davis movement changes direction

SECTION: CITY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 509 words


As of Dec. 7, 2011, Occupy Davis ended its continuous occupation of Central
Park. The tents and structures, which protesters originally put up on Oct. 15,
2011, came down after a majority vote by those present at the Dec. 5 General
Assembly.

In a letter to the public on the Occupy Davis website, the protesters issued a
statement saying, "This does not mean that our movement is ending or that we
will stop having actions, rather that our movement will now be proceeding in a
new way."

The first General Assembly since mid-December took place on Jan. 7. Those at the
meeting decided to suspend the Sunday Weekly Solutions Forum for the time being
to consider changes of process and venue.

Ten people attended the meeting. One participant addressed the concern that not
enough people attended the Jan. 7 Assembly to make important decisions for the
movement. Those present formed a working group to explore ways of making Occupy
Davis more inclusive. The group also plans to explore the idea of writing a
mission statement and ways of supporting the Occupy UC Davis movement in its
fight against tuition and fee increases.

Robin Kozloff, an owner of a local line of art products called Freights, has
been involved in Occupy since the first General Assembly in October. She said
she was glad the decision to remove the encampment was made at the level that it
was, by the campers.

Julie Jenkins of the Davis Empowerment Project was one of the campers and was
not in support of the decision to remove the encampment.

"It seemed like we just gave up," Jenkins said. "But it was a democracy vote,
not a dictatorship."

Former camper Jessica Castorena of Pawsitive Groomers supported shutting down
the Central Park camp.

"We were finding it hard to sustain safety and energy," Castorena said. "We
needed a new outlet of forward movement and wanted to put our hearts and minds
into it. It was becoming draining and we needed a break to regenerate. As a
community we are going to come together again."

The City of Davis was involved in some of the changes that came to the camp, but
ultimately it was the campers' vote that decided the occupation would end.

On Nov. 17, 2011 city staff delivered protesters a notice that Occupy was
violating some city codes with its encampment. Changes to be made to the
encampment included fire safety concerns due to dry grass underneath the tents,
health permits for cooking, removing pets and signs on oak trees in the park and
other stipulations.

Protesters complied with the requests and remained camping for a few weeks.

Mayor Joe Krovoza said he was pleased the protesters decided to go in this new
direction.

"City council wanted to make sure we leaned as far as possible toward free
speech," Krovoza said. "We did still want to serve the public's interest and
remind them that there were city code violations. [Occupy] did a fantastic job
of addressing our concerns."

Weekly General Assemblies will be held every Saturday at 1:30 p.m. in Central
Park. The next meeting will be held Jan. 14.

ANGELA SWARTZ can be reached city@theaggie.org

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             Daily Californian: University of California - Berkeley

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Lobbyists from UC spoke to lawmakers about Internet bill

BYLINE: Sara Khan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 359 words


Months before controversial Internet legislation ignited a national media
frenzy, University of California lobbyists approached legislators about the
bill, a UC report states.

According to the UC Lobbying Disclosure Report - which outlines lobbying
activity from July 1, 2011, to Sept. 30, 2011 - three UC lobbyists spoke with
legislators about the Protect Intellectual Property Act .

"There's a number of things in the act that we were concerned about," said Gary
Falle, UC associate vice president for federal governmental relations and
signatory on the report. "There were concerns about our social streaming of
content and about UC being an Internet provider - we're just trying to figure
out if there's any concerns."

The act, along with its House of Representatives counterpart, the Stop Online
Piracy Act , has drawn criticism from numerous sectors, with critics contending
that the acts would foster Internet censorship and possibly cause sites to be
blacklisted for linking to sites that feature content that infringes upon
copyrights.

Falle said the UC does not have an official stance on either act but that UC
lobbyists spoke with their contacts in the government to inquire further about
the acts and the possible effects that would come about if they passed.

The report states that both chambers of Congress and the Department of Commerce
were lobbied.

Internet giants like Wikipedia and Google worked to spread awareness about the
bills - the former shut down for the day on Wednesday, and the latter blacked
out its logo on the homepage of the site.

On Twitter, thousands of users condemned the bills. The top five terms of
Wednesday were SOPA, Stop SOPA, PIPA, Tell Congress and #factswithoutwikipedia.

"Student warning! Do your homework early," tweeted Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy
Wales on Monday. "Wikipedia protesting bad law on Wednesday!"

These combined efforts - along with thousands of phone calls and emails flooding
congressional representatives' offices across Washington - have resulted in a
marked response from legislators.

At least 10 senators and almost twice as many representatives now oppose the
bills, according to The New York Times.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Prairie: West Texas A & M University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

WT students' feedback to Stop Online Piracy Act

BYLINE: Daniela Fierro

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 324 words


WT students' feedback to Stop Online Piracy Act

Daniela Fierro
January 24, 2012 · 1,217 views
Filed under News

WTAMU students have spoken out about the Congress's proposition to fight
Internet piracy.

The Stop Online Piracy Act was proposed by U.S.  Representative Lamar S. Smith
to enable the Justice Department to fight online piracy.  Although the bill was
postponed indefinitely, if the bill was approved, websites like Flickr, Etsy and
Vimeo, are likely to be shut down.

"The intent of SOPA is to enforce pirating and copyright laws," History major
Brooke Dossett, said.  "In retrospect, there is nothing wrong with that because
it is illegal and the government does have the right to enforce those laws."

Dossett said it is a bit hypocritical for the government to pass bills like such
in a country that prides itself in freedom and access to information."Overall, I
think that the intent of these laws were good," Dossett said.  "However,
lawmakers have reached a route where it becomes a little un-American."

Other students like Speech and Theater major Savanna Winn were afraid social
media sites like Facebook will shut down.

"Facebook is not only just a way for friends, it's a way to promote yourself,"
Winn said. "If you use it for a wise reason, you can acquaint yourself with
people in higher standings to move yourself in business."

Psychology major Kara Lacy also disagrees with the bill.

"I don't think they need this bill to shut down websites," she said. "I mean
they already shut down Megaupload so I don't really think it's a necessity."

Lacy also feared for the gaming industry.

"I play Playstation 3 live," Lacy said. "And if this bill were to pass, I'm more
than sure they're going to shut down online gaming."

Editor's Note: On Jan. 20, it was announced that SOPA and PIPA (Protect
Intellectual Property Act) would be postponed as a result of widespread protests
and Internet blackouts on sites such as Wikipedia, Google, and WordPress.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Whitman College Pioneer: Whitman College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Open source research techniques can revolutionize medicine

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 694 words


Open source research techniques can revolutionize medicine

nathanord
January 26, 2012
Filed under Columnists, OPINION

What happens when Facebook meets medicine? And I'm not talking about poking your
doctor when you want an appointment. What happens if all of a sudden, instead of
pharmaceutical companies hiding their recipes behind closed doors and keeping
their active compounds a closely guarded secret, they were to share?

This is exactly what Jay Bradner, a researcher at Harvard and the Dana Farber
Institute in Boston, did. When his lab discovered a compound that showed promise
against pancreatic cancer and other solid tumors, he asked himself the question:
"What would a pharmaceutical company do at this point?" And he did the opposite.
Instead of keeping it a secret, he sent the compound out to researchers around
the world, who sent back their findings. Instead of keeping his success in
house, as a secret until he could patent a product, he created the most
competitive research environment possible for his lab.

There is a lesson here. From evolution to cell phones to arm wrestling, it's
clear that competition breeds innovation. In fact, this is the very foundation
of capitalism. Then why do we allow organizations to hide their secrets behind
layers of copyrights and hordes of lawyers? The answer is simple: money. Without
profits, corporations can't invest in research and provide the cutting edge
products the public desires. However, there is something wrong with this system.
If we truly care about human well-being for ourselves and others, we need to
care about health. And we need a system that provides the best possible health
at the lowest cost. Sounds like an oxymoron, right? Wrong.

Everyone agrees healthcare needs reform, but: surprise!: no one agrees on what
changes need to be made. I say, forget all the rhetoric and political posturing
and take a leaf from Jay Bradner's book. Open source. Make all research done by
non-military institutions free and open to scientists around the world. Tweet
your data, post your thoughts, and ask your colleagues in Zimbabwe if they have
had similar results while transplanting stem cells into salamanders. Bring
science into the realm of social media.

Already this is happening. Sites like Research Gate give users a place to talk
about data, publish results and consult other scientists in hundreds of
disciplines. NCBI and the UCBI genome browsers freely provide millions of
dollars worth of research to the public. But this is not enough.

In order to truly make scientific research collaborative, we need to change the
business model behind medicine. Currently, I can't blame corporations for hiding
their secrets, because it can cost $800 million or more to bring a drug to
market. With that kind of investment, a company needs immense copyright
protection and the hordes of lawyers to enforce it. With investment on such a
scale, medicine will never be cheap.

But there is an answer. Unfortunately, I don't know it. But I do know that by
sharing, by giving research freely to those with the materials and backgrounds
to provide new insights, we can do groundbreaking work in a cheaper and more
efficient manner. But we need the government to sign on.

This is a new age: the age of information, and, perhaps more accurately, the age
of sharing information.  In fact, to 3,000 people in Sweden who belong to the
Church of Kopimism, information sharing is sacred. Yet we are still mired in
20th century copyright laws, still held back by antiquated business models that
have failed to adapt to piracy and the vast spread of individual social media.

Perhaps last Wednesday was a turning point. Wikipedia and 10,000 other sites
blacked out to protest SOPA, and the next day, under the combined mass of
millions of internet users, Congress failed to be bought by corporations seeking
to regain a stranglehold on the flow of information. Perhaps Wednesday was the
first day that Congress realized how powerful social media has become, and
maybe, just maybe, they'll take the hint and begin developing new social
structures that work with and not against the immense power of information
sharing technology.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                           Loquitur: Cabrini College

                            January 15, 2012 Sunday

News Briefs | Issue 14

BYLINE: Beatrice McQuiston

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 659 words


As Crisis Deepens, Fear Of Civil War Mounts In SyriaFailure of an Arab League,
an international community with no power, has a mission to stop violence in
Syria. Syria is defending into a conflict. Government actions led to widespread
panic. The opposition is focusing less of the fall of President Bashar al-Assad
than about the civil war that is happening across the couny. The government is
losing conol over some regions.Read original story in The New York Times | Jan.

14, 2012Costa Concordia Runs Aground In ItalyRescue workers are searching the
half-sunken Italian cruise ship off the Tuscan coast that sank on Friday, Jan
13.  The ship was to close to the coast and it hit rocks and slowly capsized.
The rescue workers found a glimmer of hope with the agedy on Sunday, Jan. 15,
when pulling three survivors from the wreak, including a couple on their
honeymoon, as well as two more bodies, bringing the total deaths to five.Read
original story in The New York Times | Jan. 15, 2012Rescuers work to enter the
capsized cruise ship, Costa Concordia, in search of more survivors on Sunday,
January 15, 2012 in Giglio, Italy.President Of Taiwan re-electedPresident Ma
Ying-jeou was re-elected by a landslide on Saturday, knocking off a challenge
his main rival, Tsai Ing-wen, who questioned his handling of the economy but
also south to exploit fears among Mr. Ma's voters. Taiwanese business leaders,
who feared his defeat could upset China and set back what has served them well
the past three and a half years, welcomed Mr. Ma's victory.Read original story
in The New York Times | Jan. 14, 2012Nobel Laureate Drops Bid For Presidency Of
EgyptMohamed ElBaradei, who helped the demands for democracy in Egypt, said on
Saturday, Jan. 14, that he was dropping his presidential bid.  He was in protest
over the military's continued hold on power nearly a year after the ouster of
the songman Hosni Mubarak. "The former regime did not fall," Mr. ElBaradei said
in disagreement with the military council.Read original story in The New York
Times | Jan. 14, 2012Venezuelan Envoy In Miami Is Ordered To Leave By U.S.In a
move sure to further deteriorate relations between the United States and
Venezuela, the State Department ordered a Venezuelan diplomat in Miami to leave
the county. Officials will not give a reason for the removal of the diplomat.
Last month a news report has suggested that Venezuela's consul general had taken
part in a discussion about a possible cyber attack against the United
States.Read original story in The New York Times | Jan. 8, 2012Author And
Historian Speaks about MLK Jr.Author and Historian, Brian Johnson, will speak at
Cabrini College on how faith-based colleges and organizations can help in the
celebration of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Dr. Johnson's presentation, "Equity,
Social Justice, and Our Faith: Continuing MLK's Works at a Faith-Based
Institution," was Thursday, Jan. 19. He talked about how to advance the work of
the civil rights leader.Read original story in Philly.com | Jan. 13, 2012Is This
South Carolina's Last Stand?On Saturday, Jan. 14th, the South Carolina primary
election is a huge turning point in the Republican presidential. Mitt Romney,
the expected favorite, is facing an uphill battle in South Carolina. The
conservatives are gravitating toward the media bashing Newt Gingrich. The right
still remains divided among several alternatives. This means Romney has a chance
to glide to victory in next Saturday's primary.Read original story in Philly.com
| Jan. 15, 2012Body found in Delaware RiverA corpse was found floating in the
Dekaware River in Philadelphia's Port Richmond section late Monday night. The
unknown man, said to be in his 30s or 40s, was pronounced dead at the scene. The
body was taken to the medical examiner's office to await an autopsy.  Police say
they have no further information on the man's identity or cause of death.Read
original story in Cabrini.edu | Jan. 24, 2012

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 348 DOCUMENTS


            The Michigan Review: University of Michigan - Ann Arbor

                           January 4, 2012 Wednesday

Occupied by Uncertainty

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 484 words


It's only December, but I've been asked the "What are you going to do after you
graduate?" question countless times already. It's a completely reasonable
question to ask a senior. And really, it's not the question that gets to me-it's
the answer.

"I don't know yet," I say.

This agony of uncertainty is weighing heavily on my shoulders as I try to soak
up my precious last few months of college. And I'm not alone. It's a tough world
out there for soon-to-be graduates entering the "real world" during the Great
Recession.

Though hiring is expected to increase by 7 percent for this year's graduating
class, just 24 percent of the class of 2011 had jobs at graduation. Sure, it's
only December, and the latest jobless numbers are the lowest they've been since
March 2009, but the outlook for the class of 2012 isn't exactly rosy.

College graduates do have a leg up compared to the general population of
job-seekers. But even among college grads, unemployment is twice what it was in
2007.

Believe me, I'm not expecting to get my dream job right out of the chute (I'm
pursuing journalism, a field which faces it's own difficult and changing
economic realities). But after four expensive years of college, I'd like to get
a job in some sector other than food service. This may be asking too much. The
numbers of college grads working in restaurants and tending bar increased by 17
percent between 2008 and 2009, according to a New York Times analysis of Labor
Department data.

When I don a cap and gown in late April and walk through the Big House with
thousands of my peers, I want to believe that my degree is something of value.

The rising cost of college is another issue on it's own. Still, I'm one of the
lucky ones. I'm among a fortunate minority of students who will not be
graduating with mountains of student loan debt hanging over my head. Two-thirds
of graduates will enter the "real world" with an average student loan debt of
more than $25,000. Tack on the fact that average entry-level wages and salaries
are lower than what they were a decade ago and the "real world" looks even more
unfriendly.

In many respects, my anxieties and frustration align with the energy that's been
on display at Occupy protests around the country. No, I wasn't out in Zuccotti
Park, and you won't even find me at Liberty Square-I don't know exactly who or
what to blame with my uncertain predicament-but I do identify with what I see as
a feeling of intense dissatisfaction, verging on hopelessness. The fact that
doing everything you can do-four years at one of the top public universities,
internships, all of the "right" things-may still not be enough is disheartening
to say the least.

My penultimate semester is quickly coming to an end and I'm thinking a lot about
my future. I've registered for my last classes and am considering adding one
more: bar tending. It's a tough world out there and I want to be prepared.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     Chicago Maroon: University of Chicago

                            January 10, 2012 Tuesday

'Text and Drugs and Rock & Roll' fights the man

BYLINE: Sarah Miller

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 581 words


With the advent of popular films likeExit Through the Gift Shop and the growing
celebrity of artists like Shepard Fairey, street art is having a moment. It's
only natural that local galleries want to cash in, and in a major city like
Chicago, it's relatively easy to do. At the Maxwell Colette Gallery's most
recent exhibit, Text and Drugs and Rock &Roll,-a play on the Ian Dury punk rock
classic, "Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll"-street art takes center stage. Featuring
the work of more than 40 artists, the exhibit uses street imagery to challenge
societal norms in true countercultural style.
Situated on North Ashland Avenue several blocks from the closest Blue Line stop,
the Maxwell Colette Gallery is no easy find. After aimlessly wandering for more
than two hours with Google Maps directions in hand, I finally came upon the
modern gallery nestled between run-down restaurants and apartments. The bright,
open space is an unlikely host of the subversive, sometimes grungy street art of
its most recent exhibit. But each piece was clearly carefully selected, and the
well-lit gallery serves as an effective locale for taking street art off the
streets. Curator Billy Craven wisely forgoes captions on any of the artwork,
allowing viewers to draw their own conclusions about each exhibit.

One artist open to a variety of interpretations is notorious Chicago tagger Weed
Wolf. Most famous for his graffiti and marijuana leaf signature, a Chicago
Reader poll recently named Wolf the "Best Established Artist" of 2011. One of
Wolf's more provocative works is a mirror image of a cat smoking a joint. The
original image is of one cat, but Wolf duplicates the image and places it
adjacent to the original. The cat serves as one of the poster images for the
exhibit. Other Wolf works featured include sketches of guns, knives, and
grenades as well as an animation of a waterfall flowing with his signature.
Though suggestive of drugs, rebellion, and violence, Wolf's works highlight the
angst of modern society.

Taking the "text" aspect of the exhibit one step further, London-based artist
Mark O'Brien incorporates brand-name labels in his work. Staying true to his
style as an artist, O'Brien uses recycled cardboard Budweiser packages to make a
vintage Les Paul guitar. Shoes made from Stella Artois packaging accompany the
guitar. His piece, "Beer and Shoes," questions the cult of branding and its
significance on materials that are easily destroyed and reused. O'Brien is also
one of the few artists at the exhibit to use the guitar as a representation of
rock & roll; other artists opt for subtler symbols.

Like O'Brien, Ron Copeland questions the legitimacy of the corporate world and
branding, but he uses advertising. Arranged comic-book style in colorful panels,
his ads sell everything from robots to suits. In a world where zebra-print
Snuggies are sold, his ads underscore the absurdity underlying our consumerist
society.

Originally from Utah, Colt Bowden focuses more on the "street" aspect of street
art. His collections of street signs vary. Some simply contain city names like
"New York" or "Louisville," while others give a deeper portrayal of city life
with curt messages like "Fight" and "Hobos Arrested on Site."

In an 'Occupy' world, "Text andDrugs, and Rock & Roll" has an especial
resonance. Its art takes to task our unjust, materialistic society in scathing,
creative fashion. If you couldn't make it to the protests, take a trip to this
exhibit as a sign of solidarity.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Princetonian: Princeton University

                           January 11, 2012 Wednesday

A forum for few voices

BYLINE: Elise Backman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 935 words


Miriam Geronimus '12 wrote an article before break proclaiming her support for
the Occupy Princeton movement. Geronimus argues that the movement represents a
range of issues, from an attempt to "reclaim democracy" to presenting a forum
for everyone that "feels disempowered and voiceless - regardless of race, class,
educational status, sexual orientation or any other identity marker."

Everyone, from Princeton students to Fox News analysts, has attempted to read
through the rhetoric to find the true purpose of Occupy. The protestors
themselves have no set ideological bent, so at the moment it seems fruitless to
do so. Instead, Princeton students should focus on the common theme to which
Occupy has committed and which Geronimus referenced in her article: Occupy
Princeton's claim that through its General Assembly it has provided an
opportunity for open political discourse for "all voices to be heard."

But, in my opinion, Occupy Princeton has done everything but allow for open
political discourse. At the actual Occupy Princeton General Assemblies, the
structure of the proceedings and the human microphone employed by the movement's
leaders prevents the expression of multiple ideas and does not accord dissenters
the opportunity to speak. This attitude is reflected in informal discussions on
campus as well. When I have tried to discuss Occupy Princeton with my friends
affiliated and unaffiliated with the movement, at the first sign of a critique I
am met more often than not with, "Oh, of course, you just want to go make money
on Wall Street," "Don't you care about the economy at all?" or my favorite:
"You're so politically apathetic - how Princeton of you." Are we all suddenly
politically apathetic if we don't support Occupy Princeton?

When Princeton students are asked for their thoughts on Occupy, they mostly
respond with passive agreement because it represents the first instance of
political activism on campus in decades. How many times in my short three months
here have I heard the phrase "Princeton is politically apathetic"? Sure, by no
means are we UC Berkeley, but saying we "only care about our Orange Bubble" is,
by and large, a cop-out. There are plenty of political organizations on campus
representing a variety of views. For example, the revitalized DREAM Team is
creating a petition, signed by hundreds of Princeton students, that asks
President Tilghman to publically support the DREAM Act. To be fair, most
political organizations do not march on Frist North Lawn or mic check a J.P.
Morgan information session, but they definitely do exist. To say that you
support Occupy Princeton simply because it is a movement is a disservice to the
Princeton community and the main Occupy Wall Street protestors.

Further, the methods of Occupy Princeton don't exactly encourage open political
discourse. Whether you are in support of the Occupy Wall Street movement as a
whole, mic checking an information session should be discouraged. The students
that attended the information session simply wanted to obtain more information
about the company. A group interested in creating a forum "for all voices" would
have tried to encourage potential J.P. Morgan internship applicants to rethink
their decisions by engaging in a constructive debate in which both sides were on
equal footing. During the mic check, the Occupy participants did not engage in a
debate but simply imposed their views on those present. What if a potential J.P.
Morgan internship applicant were to come to a General Assembly meeting and start
talking loudly about commodity risk management? Without a doubt, this would be
considered rude, yet the J.P. Morgan mic check has almost universally been
hailed as a political triumph or, at a minimum, "something cool."

My most significant issue with the Occupy Princeton movement is its monopoly of
Princeton's unofficial motto, "in the nation's service and in the service of all
nations." Since Occupy has come to Princeton, a student planning to work on Wall
Street is "in the nation's disservice," is simply another hamster on the
proverbial wheel. Occupy Princeton is, of course, entitled to its numerous
opinions, but I ask whether they have ever considered the possibility of
Princeton students planning to change Wall Street from the inside. Many of us do
agree that the wealth gap in our country is a serious issue, and one that is
related to the financial market. To that end, many are working toward their
diploma and their Wall Street positions in an effort to learn how to execute
reforms. Implementing change may actually be a lot more difficult than
protesting against the system.

Though Occupy Princeton has given us all something to talk about, it has not
fostered any productive political debate. As Aaron Applbaum '14 discussed in his
article on Jan. 9, Occupy Princeton has the potential to modify its tactics so
that it can become a powerful but respectful political voice in the upcoming
elections. Yet, Occupy's actions to this point have not been directed toward
that goal. Occupy should be more understanding of different views and more
willing to hear the other side in formal and informal settings. From its
scattered perspective on numerous issues to its "civil disobedience tactics,"
Occupy Princeton has made political activism at Princeton just as polarized as
its primary slogan. "Either you're with us or against us" didn't work before,
and I doubt that it will work now. Instead of opening the door to "all voices,"
it has effectively shut it.

Elise Backman is a freshman from Sea Bright, N.J. She can be reached at
ebackman@princeton.edu

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             The California Aggie: University of California - Davis

                           January 11, 2012 Wednesday

Many Asian students choose to not check 'Asian' on college apps

SECTION: CITY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 681 words


Many Asian American students are not identifying themselves as such on their
college applications, believing that doing so would hurt their chances of being
accepted to top universities, according to recent studies including one at
Princeton University.

According to these studies, Asian students believe themselves to be evaluated at
a higher standard than students of other races.

Kara Miller, who worked as an application reader at Yale, said, "Asians were
evaluated more toughly."

Miller called around to Ivy League universities and discovered them all to have
a similar percentage of Asian students, leading her to believe the schools had
some sort of quota in mind.

"They don't feel comfortable going over that percentage," Miller said.

The Princeton study conducted by sociologist Thomas Epenshade found that, "When
comparing applicants with similar grades, scores, athletic qualifications and
family history from seven elite private colleges and universities: Whites were
three times as likely to get fat envelopes as Asians. Hispanics were twice as
likely to win admission as whites. African Americans were at least five times as
likely to be accepted as whites."

"When you're part of a high achieving group, there is some effort to try to make
sure that group isn't out of proportion in the university. This is
understandable," Miller said.

"There are more women applying to college, too, but you don't want a school that
is 70 percent women, even if they are your best applicants."

Steven Hsu, professor of theoretical physics at the University of Oregon,
believes the effect of ethnicity in the admissions process should be minimized
as much as possible.

"There are many forms of diversity," said Hsu in an e-mail. "Intellectual
diversity is as important as ethnic diversity."

Admitting students on a quota-like basis may be a possibility for private
schools, but what about public institutions such as the University of
California?

"Prop 209 eliminated much of this discrimination. Simply compare the ethnic
makeup of admits pre- and post-209," Hsu said in an e-mail. "The Asian
population fraction went up considerably. What does that tell you about the
pre-209 process, or the process still in place at other universities?"

"UC schools used to have a much smaller percentage of Asians, and now it is over
40 percent at many schools," Miller said .

The National Association of Scholars website stated that Prop 209, which was
approved in 1996, prohibited all state agencies from using race, gender, or
ethnicity to discriminate against or give preference to people in public
employment, competition for a state contract and university admissions.

"Our admissions policies have complied and will continue to comply with the
California Constitution, which prohibits granting preferential treatment on the
basis of race, ethnicity, national origin or gender, in accord with Proposition
209," said Dianne Klein, media specialist at the UC Office of the President.

Timothy Groseclose, professor of political science at UCLA, has had a somewhat
different experience with the effects of Prop 209. Groseclose resigned from the
UCLA admissions committee in 2008 in protest of unwillingness on the behalf of
the school to submit to him admissions data that would aid him in his
investigation of preferential admissions practices.

Groseclose found that there was pressure on UC admissions committees to admit
more African American and Latino students.

"It's mainly based only on casual observation, but I don't think it really
matters whether an Asian student checks the Asian box," Groseclose said in an
e-mail.

And, as Miller points out, there are ways of getting around knowing things even
if the box is left unchecked.

"If your last name is Wang, you can mark whatever you want, but admissions can
still figure it out," Miller said.

Miller does not see a clear solution to problem within the admission system. She
does, however, think campus diversity is important.

"You have to balance the needs of individuals with the macro need of creating a
student body."

EINAT GILBOA can be reached city@theaggie.org

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Gateway: University of Nebraska at Omaha

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Beyond the Dream

BYLINE: Jeff Kazmierski

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 590 words

By Jeff Kazmierski, Copy Editor

Monday, Jan. 16 is Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, the national holiday established
nearly thirty years ago to honor the life and legacy of the great civil rights
leader. Today, we honor him by taking a day off from school (or work, if you're
fortunate enough to work for an employer who recognizes the holiday). A master
of oratory, King roused his supporters and followers with many powerful
speeches, letters and essays.

Of course, we're all familiar with the "I Have a Dream" speech from 1963. It's
one of the greatest iconic uses of the spoken word in history and has been
quoted many times, by people across all political, cultural and social strata.
But it's also by far not the most important, nor the most eloquent, of his
lexicography. He wrote and spoke on many issues of social justice, and his words
ring true to this day. This year, on the holiday designated to commemorate him,
spend some time reading his essays, listening to his speeches and reflect on
their meaning. I offer now a few short selections of the best from the late Rev.
Martin Luther King, Jr.

On racism, poverty and capitalism:

"...And one day we must ask the question, 'Why are there forty million poor
people in America?' And when you begin to ask that question, you are raising
questions about the economic system, about a broader distribution of wealth.
When you ask that question, you begin to question the capitalistic economy." -
from his final 1967 address to the Southern Christian Leadership Conference

On civil discourse:

"I am coming to feel that the people of ill will have used time much more
effectively than the people of goodwill. We will have to repent in this
generation not merely for the vitriolic words and actions of the bad people, but
for the appalling silence of the good people" - from "Letter From Birmingham
Jail," 1963.

On military vs. social spending:

"A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense
than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual death." - from "Where
Do We Go From Here: Chaos or Community," 1967

On voting rights:

"When the full power of the ballot is available to my people, it will not be
exercised merely to advance our cause alone. We have learned in the course of
our freedom struggle that the needs of twenty million Negroes are not truly
separable from those of the nearly two hundred million whites and Negroes in
America, all of whom will benefit from a color-blind land of plenty that
provides the nourishment of each man's body, mind and spirit." - from "Civil
Right No. 1: The Right to Vote," 1965

On civil action and the power of protest:

"Let us rise up tonight with a greater readiness. Let us stand with a greater
determination. And let us move on in these powerful days, these days of
challenge to make America what it ought to be. We have an opportunity to make
America a better nation. And I want to thank God, once more, for allowing me to
be here with you." - from "I See the Promised Land," 1968

Tragically, King's life was cut short by an assassin's bullet on April 4, 1968,
a day after giving this last speech. He will always be remembered as the man who
inspired a movement that changed a nation. Yes, he was a man who once had a
dream, but his speeches, his essays and deeds reveal so much more than that. He
was a man who turned his dreams into action, and his action into reality. He was
an inspiring and inspired leader who never relented in the fight on the behalf
of the oppressed, the disenfranchised, and the rejected.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Princetonian: Princeton University

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

USDA: No infractions in animal research

BYLINE: Daniel Santoro

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 494 words


In the most recent unannounced inspection of the University's lab facilities for
non-human primates, the USDA found no infractions. The result of the Nov. 28-29
inspection marks the University's first misconduct-free report in the last two
years.

"The report underlines our commitment to strong oversight of animal research
through an approach of continuous review of Princeton's Institutional Animals
Care and Use Committee," University Spokesperson Martin Mbugua said in an email.
"We pay very close attention to animal care and protocol issues that need to be
addressed and we have made changes as appropriate."

This result comes after a string of lab infractions extending back to 2010.
Following a May 2011 routine inspection, the USDA sent a formal warning letter
to the University that it had found lab primates being deprived of water for up
to 24 hours, unapproved anesthetics, an isolated incident of a marmoset escaping
its cage and a non-compliance documentation issue. The warning threatened $3,750
fines for any future infractions discovered in the next inspection.

This negative publicity spurred a backlash from animal activists groups that has
spanned this academic year. The Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine, a
pro-organic organization with funding ties to PETA, published a report on  Sept.
21 that listed the University as second-worst in the Ivy League for animal
testing violations behind Penn.

The organization Stop Animal Exploitation Now! initiated a campaign against the
University to end its use of experimentation using non-human primates and other
animals. Early this fall, the group published an anonymous "whistleblower"
account by a former employee on its website documenting violations extending
back to 2004 that were never revealed.

However, Mbugua found none of the accusations raised in the whistleblower
account were ever raised in the University's forum for anonymous grievances
during the years listed.

Most recently, SAEN and other regional animal activist organizations in the New
Jersey and New York areas have targeted the Borough community in support of
their cause. The groups united twice last fall to protest for an end to animal
experimentation. SAEN has also sponsored a commercial that has run on Animal
Planet and other networks that negatively depicts the University's treatment of
animals.

Mbugua has maintained the University's commitment to proper animal research
conduct and the importance of animal use in research. "We are committed to
ensuring that statistical analysis, modeling and use of alternative biological
experimentation methods are used when appropriate as a substitute or complement
for research involving animals," Mbugua said in an email.

In May 2010, the USDA found 11 infractions regarding animal testing. In May
2011, it found six, resulting in a formal warning. The November USDA report
comes as the result of a follow-up inspection to a complaint filed against the
University by SAEN.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  Independent Collegian: University of Toledo

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

SOPA and PIPA bills threaten online freedom

BYLINE: Vincent D. Scebbi

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 645 words


Neil Horani woke up yesterday morning and needed to quickly look at a periodic
table of elements on the Internet. He first went to Wikipedia, only to discover
the homepage was blacked out.

"I was kind of disappointed because I use Wikipedia to look up facts and
information," Horani, a senior majoring in nursing, said. "It was the first time
Wikipedia let me down."

Other frequent users of pages such as Google, Reddit and I Can Has Cheezburger
noticed changes to these familiar sites yesterday.

Whether it was a redacted logo, pop-ups asking for help, links to contact public
officials or a "blackout" altogether, website firms spoke out against two bills
currently in Congress.

One of the most notable websites was the English version of Wikipedia, which
blacked out the language's homepage while explaining its reasoning.

With Wikipedia on a 24-hour hiatus, Don Myers, a senior double majoring in
education and history, said it was more of a nuisance to him since he uses the
site frequently to look up quick facts and read random articles.

"It interrupts what I want to do," he said. "[Wikipedia] is not the type of site
being targeted."

The purpose - to oppose the Stop Online Piracy Act , which is making its way
through the U.S. House of Representatives, and the similar Protect Intellectual
Property Act in the Senate. Both bills aim to inhibit foreign websites that sell
pirated or counterfeit goods, impose restrictions that would force U.S.
companies to stop selling online ads to suspected pirate sites, and refusing to
list websites suspected of piracy in search-engine results.

In a letter to the judiciary committees in both houses of Congress, companies
such as Google Inc., Facebook Inc., eBay Inc., LinkedIn Corporation, Mozilla
Corporation, Twitter Inc., Yahoo! Inc. and Zynga Game Network call the reasons
just but believe SOPA and PIPA would put their businesses in a difficult
position.

"Unfortunately, the bills as drafted would expose law-abiding U.S. Internet and
technology companies to new uncertain liabilities, private rights of action and
technology mandates that would require monitoring of web sites," the letter
said. "We are concerned that these measures pose a serious risk to our
industry's continued track record of innovation and job-creation, as well as to
our Nation's cybersecurity."

The effects of the day-long protest slowed momentum, as the free encyclopedia
reports they had over 126 million hits and Google reports over 4.5 million
signed their online petition.

Sen. Benjamin Cardin (D-MD), who co-sponsored an earlier version of PIPA,
announced his opposition and six Republican senators who were previously
supportive of the bill, asked for it to slow down so changes could be made.

Charles Hallinan, a professor of law at the University of Dayton, said while the
intentions of the bills seem noble, he believes they add little support for
people's intellectual property. Instead, organizations such as the Motion
Picture Association of America are using their influence in Congress.

"We have highly interested groups being close to succeeding ramming something
that affects the general public," he said.

Hallinan, who teaches electronic communication and Internet law, said while the
two bills would work in shutting down sites, it would also censor sites that do
not have malicious intentions.

Hallinan said the acts do little in adding enforcement. He believes piracy is
well enough enforced with current legislation such as the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act.

Myers, who has been researching SOPA for a political science class, said while
he sees both sides of the argument, he is still on the fence.

"I don't use pirated stuff," he said. "If everyone's getting pirated stuff,
where's the creative motivation?"

Horani said he hopes a compromise could be met on this issue.

Horani also said he was just thankful "Facebook wasn't down."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Georgetown Voice: Georgetown University

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Obamas join Georgetown to celebrate Dr. King's legacy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 553 words


On Monday, Georgetown held its tenth annual "Let Freedom Ring" Concert at the
Kennedy Center's Concert Hall in celebration of the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther
King, Jr. The show included a performance by Grammy winner Bobby McFerrin, the
presentation of the John Thompson Legacy of a Dream award to Dr. Clarence B.
Jones, and an appearance by President Barack Obama.

The concert began with a piece of music entitled "Buses are A-Comin," inspired
by the "Freedom Riders" of the 1960s, who rode buses in southern cities in
protest of segregation laws. After the music, several speakers, including
Toddchelle Young (COL '12), discussed King's legacy.

After these speeches, University President John DeGioia presented the Legacy of
a Dream Award to Dr. Jones, who served as lawyer, advisor, and speech writer for
Dr. King. Jones discussed the 2008 election of President Barack Obama with the
audience, saying that it was the result of the work of many activists, like
King, who struggled for equal rights. According to Jones, both Martin Luther
King and John Thompson "challenge us to be the very best that we can be," and
that Americans must "go where there is no path and make a trail." He accepted
the award in tribute to other fighters, or, as MLK once called them, "winter
soldiers," who struggled in all conditions for equality.

In an interview, Dr. Maurice Jackson, a Georgetown professor of African American
studies, said he thought Dr. Jones was a deserving recipient of the award."Not
only was he Dr. King's lawyer ... he played many different roles behind the
scenes," Jackson said. "It's great that people like that are honored. ...
Everyone is not going to be on the marching lines, but everyone can make [a]
contribution."

After the Thompson award presentation, McFerrin preformed for the crowd. His
performance mainly consisted of vocal improvisation, and at many times he
encouraged the audience to participate along with him and the choir.

While the concert had a celebratory atmosphere, many speakers reminded the
audience that the fight for dignity and justice has not ended.

"The danger of doing these kind of observances every year is that we treat them
as retrospectives... we lose sight of the fact that there's still yet work to
do" Rev. Nolan Williams Jr., the event's music director, said.

Dr. Jackson asserted that inequality between the African American and white
communities persists today, especially in areas of education and employment.

"Many African American males are dropping out [of school]," he said. "Whites in
Washington, D.C, make three dollars and six cents for every one dollar a black
person makes," pointing out that the unemployment rate in predominantly black
Anacostia is 28 percent, above the national average of 8 percent.

It is this kind of indignity and injustice that the concert encouraged people to
fight against as part of its celebration of Dr. King, Rev. Williams asserted.

"We have a theme for all of you who believe that social injustice anywhere is
social injustice everywhere," Rev. Williams said at the end of his speech,
echoing the ideas of the Freedom Riders. "You can lock us up, you can shut down
government, you can do whatever, but buses are still a-comin... and it is my
hope and my prayer that all of you will leave here tonight with that renewed
determination."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The Tartan: Carnegie Mellon University

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Statistically Speaking

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 144 words


Last Wednesday, many websites, including Google and Wikipedia, blacked out or
symbolically blacked out their services. These websites' aim was to protest and
raise awareness about the Stop Online Piracy Act and PROTECT IP Act , two
Congressional bills that were drafted to cut down on online copyright
infringement, but that opponents claim will seriously harm free speech on the
internet. Here are some facts about SOPA, PIPA, and the blackout:

5 million: the number of active users of the torrent site The Pirate Bay in 2007

13: the number of U.S. congress members who withdrew their sponsorship from SOPA
or PIPA after the blackout

7 million: the number of signatures on Google's anti-SOPA petition

5: the maximum number of years a person could spend in prison for streaming 10
pieces of music or movies under SOPA

Sources: latimes.com, pcworld.com, washingtonpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Columbia Chronicle: Columbia College

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

NDAA bill as ludicrous as it sounds

BYLINE: Gabrielle Rosas

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 667 words


My 18-year-old brother, bless him, is a believer in conspiracy theories. Weekly,
he sends me videos via Facebook meant to enlighten me in the dark ways of world
powers. He says the Illuminati is plotting world domination, celebrities are
brainwashed by the government and the signs are everywhere but I just don't see
them.

I humor him. I watch the videos and engage him in conversation. In the end, I
take each one with several grains of salt. So when he told me about a new bill
that was passed allowing the detention of American citizens without trial, I
shrugged it off. The mere idea seemed ludicrous. I tried to argue that if the
government were to commit such an act, it would be done secretly. Then I looked
it up.To my horror, my brother was telling the truth. President Barack Obama
signed the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2012 into law on
Dec. 31, 2011. The act is passed every year to allocate funds for the U.S.
Department of Defense and designate how those funds will be used.

But the language added to the bill this year has spurred considerable debate.
Two sections in particular have raised concerns among civil liberties groups.
Sections 1021 and 1031 authorize the president to use military force against
suspected terrorists on U.S. soil.

After reading these sections of the bill, I've come to the conclusion that it is
unconstitutional. Although the law does not explicitly include U.S. citizens in
its definition of "covered persons," or suspects, it does not exclude them
either. In fact, the bill leaves the option open for the president to detain
whomever he wishes.

Section 1031, Subsection B of the bill states, "The requirement to detain a
person in military custody under this section does not extend to citizens of the
United States."It would seem that this means the military can't detain U.S.
citizens at all. But the law is ambiguous. It could just as easily mean that
although the military is not required to hold U.S. citizens, it could have the
option. In the wrong hands, this law could be disastrous.

At the very least, American citizens should be perturbed. Obama claimed that
though he agreed with most of the bill, he was wary of some provisions,
particularly sections 1031 and 1021. If that is Obama's excuse, then sadly he
has less backbone than I thought. As president, he could have vetoed the bill
and called for amendments. If those two sections had been taken out, this issue
could never have arisen.The bill directly violates the Fifth and Sixth Amendment
rights of due process and a fair trial. The lack of opposition in the House is
disturbing. Though Obama claims he will not exercise the rights given in the
bill during his term, it could lead to future NDAA bills having the same
provisions. It's up to the American people to oppose the bill outright. But
effective opposition is rare to find these days. I see a lot of people
complaining on Facebook, but I haven't heard one person admit to calling his or
her senator.

I understand: Facebook is the new, cool way to protest, and it has proven to be
an efficient method of grassroots organization. But the fact remains that our
elected officials have the most clout when a bill is up for vote.

The post-9/11 era has been one of fear that has bred asinine policies and
procedures meant to mold the American psyche. After more than a decade of this,
Obama has finally killed Osama bin Laden and withdrawn most U.S. troops from the
Middle East. Yet fear of terrorism or another attack on home ground is still
ruling our lives. Unfortunately, some wounds will never heal.

Doom and gloom aside, the future isn't as bleak as it seems. Recent widespread
opposition to the Stop Online Piracy Act has been fruitful. Several of the
bill's Republican co-sponsors dropped support of the pending legislation and the
bill is now back on the drawing board.

The NDAA may have the potential to withhold fair trial but it says nothing about
free speech. Citizens' concerns don't always fall on deaf ears.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Stanford Daily: Stanford University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

SIEPR talks conflict of interest policy

BYLINE: Jamie Kim

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1124 words


Critics of a study published last December by the Stanford Institute for
Economic Policy Research - which concluded that the state of California has
underfunded pensions for government employees anywhere between $142.6 billion
and $498 billion - have recently questioned the academic integrity of SIEPR,
accusing the nonpartisan economic research organization of being partial to
corporate sponsors.

In a joint email to The Daily, SIEPR Director John Shoven and Deputy Director
Greg Rosston reaffirmed that SIEPR's research is not influenced by its corporate
support, which made up approximately 8 percent of the organization's income
during the 2009-10 academic year.

"When we talk with donors, we emphasize faculty independence - we always tell
donors that we not only can't tell faculty what conclusions to come to, we can't
even tell faculty what projects to work on," Shoven and Rosston wrote. "We care
very much about academic independence."

Debate over public pensions research

A Dec. 13 SIEPR report, authored by public policy professor Joe Nation and
titled "Pension Math: How California's Retirement Spending is Squeezing the
State Budget," examined the state of three of California's public employee
pension systems: the California Public Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS),
California State Teachers' Retirement System (CalSTRS) and the University of
California Retirement Plan .

The study concluded that debt on public pensions was larger than the state is
currently reporting, underfunded by anywhere from $498 billion, using a 4.5
percent "risk free" rate, to $142.6 billion, using a 7.5 to 7.75 percent rate.

California Treasurer Bill Lockyer had previously agreed to serve on a SIEPR
pension advisory panel, but resigned from his position on the panel in protest
of last month's report, which called for reducing the benefits of current state
workers and reforming the public pension system in California.

While attempting to discredit the study in an op-ed than ran in the Sacramento
Bee on Dec. 25, Lockyer called SIEPR a "Wall Street-supported think tank." In
particular, Lockyer wrote that he believed the study may have been influenced by
corporate sponsors who "make a lot of money when workers invest in 401(k)s."

Nation, the study's author, addressed Lockyer's original complaints against the
research and decision to resign in a Dec. 16 op-ed in the Sacramento Bee.

"The advisory panel members who resigned seem fixated on just one issue,
insisting that we present the numbers assuming only a long-term investment
return of 7.75 percent," Nation wrote. "Notably, even at that rate, all three
pension systems remain substantially underfunded."

David Crane, a Stanford public policy lecturer, would later come to the study's
defense. In a Jan. 8 op-ed in the Bee, Crane wrote that the California financial
officials opposed to the report were making "ad hominem responses."

According to Shoven and Rosston, Nation's report is a "perfect example" of
research not influenced by corporate sponsors.

"The report expresses his research and opinions, not SIEPR's," Shoven and
Rosston wrote. "And it was funded directly as a research project through SIEPR
by the James Irvine Foundation and California Forward."

Dean of Research Ann Arvin and Stanford's Sponsored Projects Office also
approved the sponsored project, Shoven and Rosston added.

They noted that all faculty must abide by both codes of conduct written by the
University and the dean and research.

How SIEPR is funded

According to its 2009-10 annual report, corporate support accounted for 8.6
percent of SIEPR's approximately $13.5 million in income that academic year.

Of the money raised from corporate sponsorship that year, $806,954 was dedicated
to "project support" while $356,000 went toward "general support." Corporations
that donated $20,000 or more included Exxon Mobil, Cisco Systems and Charles R.
Schwab. Bank of the West, Goldman Sachs, Google, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo each
contributed between $10,000 and $20,000.

The rest of SIEPR's income comes from (in decreasing order) foundations, the
U.S. government, endowment, individual donors and University support.
Foundations such as the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation, the Alfred P.
Sloan Foundation, the Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation and the Koret Foundation
make up around 25 percent of SIEPR's income. Grants from government agencies
like the National Science Foundation and National Institutes of Health are the
second-largest component, making up 18 percent of SIEPR's income.

17 percent then comes from endowment, 13 percent from individual donors and 13
from the University.

According to Shoven and Rosston, "no corporate support paid for our new
building," referring to the John A. and Cynthia Fry Gunn Building, which was
dedicated in March of 2010.

A majority of SIEPR's 2009-2010 expenditures was devoted to research, supporting
faculty and graduate students and funding conferences. Ten-percent of the budget
- over $1 million - was committed to running Stanford's public policy program,
and the rest was expended on development, communications and administration

The SIEPR advisory board

SIEPR's advisory board - defined on its website as a "board of directors for the
Institute" that "helps to guide and support SIEPR" - includes 49 members, some
with links to business world, such as Eff Martin, advisory director of Goldman
Sachs; Susan Bostrom, senior vice president and chief marketing officer at Cisco
Systems; and John Gunn, who chairs the advisory board and is chairman at Dodge &
Cox.

Members of the advisory board "make both an intellectual and financial
commitment" and "are active in helping to facilitate and disseminate research,"
according to SIEPR's website.

"SIEPR's Advisory Board is just that - an advisory board," Shoven and Rosston
wrote. "It is not a governing board. It does have very impressive members -
successful business people, academics and policymakers - who provide guidance
and fundraising assistance"

The mixture of academics, policymakers and business people, they said, creates a
"positive influence on the policy process."

The University stance

In an email to The Daily, University spokesperson Lisa Lapin wrote that
corporate contributions, which are received by entities throughout the
University, "represent a very small percentage of overall giving to Stanford
(less than 10 percent)."

She added that Stanford has strong policies that serve to prevent instances of
conflict of interest across all fields of the University, not just SIEPR.

"Stanford has some of the most thorough and complete conflict of interest
policies and practices among U.S. universities," Lapin wrote. She said these
"thoroughly address inferences about corporate giving [being questions]."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The Spectrum: Sacred Heart University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Protests lead to SOPA rejection

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 823 words


Caving to a massive campaign by Internet services and their millions of users,
Congress indefinitely postponed legislation Friday to stop online piracy of
movies and music costing U.S. companies billions of dollars every year. Critics
said the bills would result in censorship and stifle Internet innovation.

The demise, at least for the time being, of the anti-piracy bills was a clear
victory for Silicon Valley over Hollywood, which has campaigned for a tougher
response to online piracy. The legislation also would cover the counterfeiting
of drugs and car parts.

Congress' qualms underscored how Internet users can use their collective might
to block those who want to change the system.

The battle over the future of the Internet also played out on a different front
Thursday when a loose affiliation of hackers known as "Anonymous" shut down
Justice Department websites for several hours and hacked the site of the Motion
Picture Association of America after federal officials issued an indictment
against Megaupload.com, one of the world's biggest file-sharing sites.

In the U.S., momentum against the Senate's Protect Intellectual Property Act and
the House's Stop Online Piracy Act, known popularly as PIPA and SOPA, grew
quickly on Wednesday when the online encyclopedia Wikipedia and other Web giants
staged a one-day blackout and Google organized a petition drive that attracted
more than 7 million participants.

On Friday, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., said he was postponing a
test vote set for Tuesday "in light of recent events." House Judiciary Committee
Chairman Lamar Smith, R-Texas, followed suit, saying consideration of a similar
House bill would be postponed "until there is wider agreement on a solution."

The two bills would allow the Justice Department, and copyright holders, to seek
court orders against foreign websites accused of copyright infringement. The
legislation would bar online advertising networks and payment facilitators such
as credit card companies from doing business with an alleged violator. They also
would forbid search engines from linking to such sites.

The two bills would allow the Justice Department, and copyright holders, to seek
court orders against foreign websites accused of copyright infringement. The
legislation would bar online advertising networks and payment facilitators such
as credit card companies from doing business with an alleged violator. They also
would forbid search engines from linking to such sites.

The chief Senate sponsor, Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy, D-Vt.,
cited estimates that copyright piracy costs the American economy more than $50
billion annually and that global sales of counterfeit goods via the Internet
reached $135 billion in 2010. He and Smith insist that their bills target only
foreign criminals and that there is nothing in them to require websites,
Internet service providers, search engines or others to monitor their networks.

That didn't satisfy critics who said the legislation could force Internet
companies to pre-screen user comments or videos, burden new and smaller websites
with huge litigation costs and impede new investments.

The scuttling, for now, of PIPA and SOPA frustrates what might have been one of
the few opportunities to move significant legislation in an election year where
the two parties have little motivation to cooperate.

Until recently "you would have thought this bill was teed up," with backing from
key Senate leaders and support from powerful interest groups, said Sen. Jerry
Moran, R-Kan., who cosponsored the original bill but quickly dropped his backing
on the grounds the bill could undermine innovation and Internet freedom.

Moran said the "uprising" of so many people with similar concerns was a "major
turnaround, and in my experience it is something that has happened very rarely."

Moran said PIPA and SOPA now have "such a black eye" that it will be difficult
to amend them. Reid, however, said that there had been progress in recent talks
among the various stakeholders and "there is no reason that the legitimate
issues raised by many about this bill cannot be resolved."

Jeff Chester, executive director for the Center for Digital Democracy, a
consumer protection and privacy advocacy group, said Google and Facebook and
their supporters "have delivered a powerful blow to the Hollywood lobby." He
predicted a compromise that doesn't include what many see as overreaching
provisions in the current legislation.

"It's been framed as an Internet freedom issue, but at the end of the day it
will be decided on the narrow interests of the old and new media companies," he
said. The big questions involve who should or shouldn't pay - or be paid - for
Internet content.

The bill's opponents were relieved it was put on hold.

Markham Erickson, executive director of NetCoalition, commended Congress for
"recognizing the serious collateral damage this bill could inflict on the
Internet."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 348 DOCUMENTS


            The Michigan Journal: University of Michigan - Dearborn

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Panel Discussion With Mind Behind TLC's 'All-American Muslim'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 745 words


Tina Nelson / MJ

BY STEPHANIE COSBY, News Editor

"Clearly this show, All-American Muslim, has touched off a dialogue, a debate, a
discussion," moderator and Wayne State Professor Saeed Khan began at Tuesday
night's panel discussion on TLC's much talked about, Dearborn-based show.

The show's creator and co-executive producer Mike Mosallam, professors Hani
Bawardi and Sally Howell, and UM-Dearborn students Aayat Ali and Suhaib
Al-Hanooti spoke on the panel to students, faculty, staff, community members,
and a handful of the cast members.

Mosallam, a current Los Angeles resident born and raised in Dearborn, explained
that he got the idea for the show on Sept. 12, 2001. In the wake of 9/11, with
misconceptions about Arabs and Muslims flying around, he wanted "a collection of
stories that turned archetypes and stereotypes on their heads." "If you take a
group...and you assign them attributes and that's the only picture you paint,
all you have is misunderstanding," he said.

The idea came to fruition in February 2011, when he landed in a pitch meeting
with TLC executives through a friend he had worked with on the Middle Eastern
show "On the Road in America." TLC had been seeking a "Muslim companion" to
their show "Sister Wives" that chronicles the lives of a polygamous, Mormon
family, but had been unable to make connections in the Dearborn community.

Mosallam suggested families he had known his whole life that "might be good on
television." He noted that working on this project with friends was difficult.
"There's a delicate balance between trying to create a television show and
worrying about what will happen to them," he said.

Responding to general community-wide criticism that the show did not showcase a
wide variety of Arabs or Muslims, Mosallam stated that the show "is not a
documentary called 'How To Be A Muslim'... it's not ALL American Muslims... the
premise was to tell the story of five families from a concentrated community
with unique lifestyles and approaches to the religion."

Student Aayat Ali echoed this sentiment. "Not all Muslims are the same... Each
Muslim practices their faith differently just as every Christian practices their
faith differently," she said. Ali urged the audience to "look at the way each of
us are different and understand that this is what makes us a community."

Professor Hani Bawardi touched upon the attack by the Florida Family Association
and the subsequent Lowe's advertisement fiasco. Bawardi shared that, according
to the IRS, the FFA is essentially a "one man operation." Speaking on the FFA's
effect, Bawardi said, "It's not that they have a large following. It's because
most people are quiet that they have such a loud voice. Bigotry in language...
thrives because of silence."

Student Suhaib Al-Hanooti pointed out that the community's response to the FFA
and Lowe's had been strong, however, noting the Allen Park Lowe's protest in
particular. Al-Hanooti also focused on the positive impact the show had had on
the Muslim-Arab community.

"Islamophobia comes from people not being aware of what Islam is," Al-Hanooti
said. This show allowed people to learn about a religion and a people they knew
little to nothing about. He compared this minority-to-majority boundary-breaking
to the Cosby Show's impact on the African-American community and spoke of
friends feeling more comfortable at school and in their community now that
others are more aware of their culture.

Professor Sally Howell reiterated how revolutionary it is to see "everyday
Muslims living their everyday lives, navigating ordinary concerns." She felt
that some of the community uproar came from the "trauma" of a minority being
exposed to the mainstream and the desire to showcase only the most exemplary,
representative members.

Howell later joked that a friend had been surprised by how "boring" the show
was, in the sense that it depicted such ordinary life events like weddings and
having children. Both Howell and Mosallam agreed that "in this context, boring
is historical" because Muslim-Arabs have not been portrayed this way in the
mainstream before. "That was kind of the point," Mosallam noted.

Mosallam is unsure, but hopeful that there will be a second season of the show
soon, and he urged the community to keep talking regardless. "This is not a
definite representation of our larger community...it is the beginning of
mainstreaming our voices and stories. If somebody has a different story, you can
and should tell it."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 348 DOCUMENTS


               The Independent: Northeastern Illinois University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Battling the "Sadists Of People's Amalgamation - SOPA" On Internet

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 676 words


The Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) is an illegitimate son of Hollywood fathered
by our very own house lobbyists. God forbid, if passed, this bill literally can
shut down all user-content websites such as YouTube and Wikipedia, among others.
The legislation would authorize law enforcers to remove an entire internet
domain due to something posted on a single blog, arguing that an entire online
community could be punished for the actions of a tiny minority.

SOPA's older sister is the PROTECT IP Act (Preventing Real Online Threats to
Economic Creativity and Theft of Intellectual Property Act of 2011 or PIPA) bill
of senate. According to BBC, PIPA is a re-write of the Combating Online
Infringement and Counterfeits Act (COICA), which failed to pass in 2010, the
failure eventually led to the formation of SOPA.

Let me ask you a simple question, how many of your professors showed you videos
of YouTube as part of their lectures? How many of you had to upload your
projects to YouTube, and/or on Google Docs? Imagine a world without Wikipedia,
YouTube, and most importantly, Google, you have no free and easy access to
information and education, you don't have any online help for your assignments,
do you want to live in a world like that? If yes, how long you think you can
survive in that distopia?

ABC News reported that the White House said that as of last Wednesday, 104,000
people had signed "We the People petitions asking the Obama Administration to
protect an open and innovative internet." Jimmy Wales, the head of Wikipedia,
said 162 million people clicked on his site's message opposing the bills, "now
35 Senators publicly opposing PIPA, up from 5 last week! 41 no votes and we
win," he tweeted on January 19th.

So are the bills dead? In their existing forms they were already in trouble. The
House version had been put on hold by House Majority Leader Eric Cantor even
before last Wednesday's protest. And in the Senate, Sen. Patrick Leahy, an
original co-sponsor, had last week promised amendments to address the concerns
of website managers, and, significantly, at least a dozen senators who supported
the bill, according to various head counts, have now publicly backed off."

Cinemablend.com writes that, in response to all the protesters against SOPA and
PIPA, the MPAA (Motion Pictures of America Association) lashed out against them
in a letter published on Tech Crunch. In it they call the looming blackout a
"prank" and accuse anyone who disagrees with this dangerous legislation of being
a "corporate pawn". "Ironic when you consider that the entire purpose of the
bill is to protect corporate interests at the expense of free speech.

Cinema Blend concluded that, "combine previous shunning down of several file
sharing websites in the past with these rumors of funding cuts from Hollywood
backers miffed that the President isn't backing their play for SOPA power and
that message is clear: It doesn't matter whether Congress passes SOPA or not,
Hollywood is taking control anyway, and has power to shut down websites
already."

Wikipedia, during the black out, commented that, "In a post SOPA/PIPA world,
Wikipedia and many other useful informational sites, cannot survive in a world
where politicians regulate the Internet based on the influence of big money in
Washington. It represents a framework for future restrictions and suppression.
Congress says it's trying to protect the rights of copyright owners, but the
"cure" that SOPA and PIPA represent is much more destructive than the disease
they are trying to fix."

I personally just cannot imagine life without Wikipedia. No Wikipedia means
certainly no free information, which means no free access to education, which
makes this world a jungle not a civilized humane society. I remember discovering
it on my college PC back in 2004. I did not had PC at home, and I remember being
in a huge line outside lab every morning so I can get a hold of a PC and all I
end up doing was surfing just Wikipedia to quench my thirst of knowledge, it
educated me and kind of made me what I'm today.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             The California Aggie: University of California - Davis

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Column: Debt and lies: government spending out of control

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 741 words


It's a tough time to be young and hungry.

Youth employment numbers are historically bad. National student loan debt is
somewhere north of the $1 trillion mark. And to top it off, a boomer-controlled
federal government is racking up trillions of dollars of debt that they expect
young Americans to pay for.

In the dirty world of big-money politics, the young are prime targets for
exploitation. Absorbed in their technological fantasy land or perhaps just
unaware, the millennial generation seems wholly unprepared for the crushing
burdens prepared for them by cynical or delusional politicians. But aware or
not, young people will inherit a hopelessly broken economy and a bankrupt
government. The blame lies with our leaders, and no leader is more responsible
than our current president.

As I write this, the U.S. National Debt is $15,262,027,000,000 (or close to it;
the debt goes up so fast that I can't catch the last six digits). Worse still,
the unfunded liabilities of the federal government, including Social Security,
Medicare and the prescription drug benefit, are at a staggering $117 trillion
and rising.

Since the national government is taking in a trillion dollars less per year than
it is spending, the debt will continue to grow - at least until creditors
suspect the obvious and call in their debts. At some point, the federal
government won't be able to sustain its programs. And with debt exceeding
national GDP, increasing taxes won't solve the problem. Young people have to
face the reality that the great social programs that their parents enjoy -
Social Security and Medicare, especially - will no longer be possible. It's a
type of reverse age discrimination: Boomers resist reform and keep the welfare
state limping along long enough to fund their retirement, thus ensuring that
later generations get all of the costs and none of the benefits. Hello Darwin,
goodbye safety net.

It wasn't supposed to be this way. I was an undergrad slogging through midterms
when I first felt the hope and change sweeping through campus. Candidate Obama
was young, hip and educated, a perfect antidote to the familiarly leathery hacks
he opposed in the primary and general elections. He performed earth-shaking
miracles in the world of politics, not the least of which was convincing young
hipsters to forsake their studied nonchalance and join the movement for Real
Change.

In 2007, when President Bush asked Congress for yet another debt ceiling
increase, Senator Obama protested vigorously, noting "the fact that we are here
today to debate raising America's debt limit is a sign of leadership failure...
a sign that the U.S. government can't pay its own bills. It is a sign that we
now depend on ongoing financial assistance from foreign countries to finance our
government's reckless fiscal policies."

This guy is special, I thought.

Aristotle once said, "Youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope."
Fast forward three years since President Obama's election and the world hasn't
changed - not for the better, at least. In fact, it's gotten worse. When Obama
took office the national debt was an already unmanageable $10.626 trillion
dollars. "Change we can believe in" quickly became "more of the same," and the
debt has spiraled to over $15 trillion. And while Obama schizophrenically calls
for reduced debt and increased spending ("investments"), the debt only goes in
one direction. In the fiscal year that ended Sept. 30, the government spent $3.6
trillion and took in $2.3 trillion.

For many, the mind-boggling numbers are just another confirmation that the
future isn't as bright as it once was. As if the burden of crushing personal
debt and joblessness after college weren't enough, politicians desperate to
shore up the failing welfare state are borrowing incomprehensible amounts of
money against the human capital of the youngest generations.

Not surprisingly, President Obama is now himself asking Congress again to
increase the debt ceiling by $1.2 trillion. Perhaps he could profit from his own
words offered during the 2007 debt ceiling debate: "Washington is shifting the
burden of bad choices today onto the backs of our children and grandchildren.
America has a debt and a failure of leadership. Americans deserve better."

Americans do deserve better. Unfortunately for the younger generation, it's only
likely to get worse.

SAM HOEL is a law student at UC Davis School of Law and can be reached at
swhoel@ucdavis.edu

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         The Rampage: Bluefield College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

SGA considers parking improvement

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 412 words


On-campus parking often frustrates students who have a hard time finding a place
to park.

Parking Services Manager Kent R. Frazier said there is more than enough parking
on campus, and there are no plans to change anything about the current parking
setup, despite numerous protests from students.

Junior Jennifer Wilson said she hates having to park far away from her classes.
"It seems like the cars never move," she said.

Parking near the middle of campus was always horrible. Most people are lucky if
they get a spot near the Center for Human Performance, recent ASU graduate
Donell Harris said.

One student does not feel the same way.

"Parking here is generally pretty good, especially when compared to larger
campuses", junior Erin Ellis said. "The only problem is usually the beginning of
semesters."

The Student Government Association is not ignoring the problem.

As of right now SGA is working on a plan to possibly get more parking closer to
the main campus, Romo said.

"We have plenty of parking places right now," Frazier said. "It may not be
convenient, but we have parking lots that are not being utilized. To say we do
not have enough parking is not an accurate statement."

Student body President Hector Romo said he agreed with Mr. Frazier's statement.

"I do know that there are more parking spots on campus than there are cars
registered with the university," Romo said.

However, the biggest complaint about parking that the SGA receives is that the
campus does not have enough parking, Romo said.

The issue may be more closely related to students having to walk from further
away from their classes, Romo said.

Both Romo and Frazier cited the parking lots near the Junell Center on Varsity
Drive as largely unused.

Currently parking is set up in zones, Frazier said. "A parking is for faculty
and staff, B parking is for commuter students, and C parking is for students who
live on campus."

"There are two reserved lots that are referred to as D parking," Frazier said.
Those lots are reserved for off-campus students who commute and they are
guaranteed a spot in that particular lot between 7:30 a.m and 3 p.m.

One of the D lots is located on Dena St. by the Academic building, and the
second lot is located on the west side of the Carr Education and Fine Arts
building, Frazier said.

Any plans approved by the SGA regarding parking will be sent to Dr. Valerio, who
will then send the proposition to President Joseph C. Rallo, who will then
assign the project, Romo said.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 348 DOCUMENTS


               The Rutgers Observer: Rutgers University - Newark

                            January 29, 2012 Sunday

SOPA and PIPA: The government attack on the internet

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 317 words


0 notes

By: Brian Harris

Ever since Metallica's crusade against Napster in 2000, the idea of copyright
protection in regards to the Internet is one that is quite a firestorm. The
current showing of this is the backlash to the House-started SOPA, or Stop
Online Piracy Act and its counterpart in the Senate, the Protect IP Act or PIPA.

  The goal of these acts are to give the Justice Department the right to find
sites devoted to pirating and blacklisting them by forcing search engines such
as Google to take these sites off of their search lists.

As you can imagine, the backlash against these bills was loud and poignant. On
Jan. 18, over 7,000 websites all across the Internet, most notably Wikipedia,
Craigslist, Google and Mozilla Firefox, participated in a "blackout," in which
they shut down their website, leaving only a note explaining their actions in
protest to the SOPA/PIPA bills.

On the following day, the file-hosting site Megaupload.com was shut down by the
Department of Justice, who said that charges of conspiracy to commit
racketeering, copyright infringement, and money laundering were brought against
the site's authors and founders Finn Batato, Mathias Ortmann, Kim Schmitz and
Bram van der Kolk. All three were arrested in New Zealand.

As a response to this, the infamous "hacktivist" organization known as Anonymous
took down the websites of CBS, the Department of Justice, the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, the Motion Picture Association of America and the Recording
Industry Association of American , along with many others.

The resulting blackout/DoS attacks have seemed to sway Congressional support
from pro-SOPA/PIPA to anti- SOPA/PIPA. According to the website ProPublica.org,
on Jan. 18, 80 members of Congress supported SOPA and PIPA while 31 members were
against. By Jan. 19 the numbers drastically changed, with 65 still supporting
the two bills and 101 members against.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 348 DOCUMENTS


               The Rutgers Observer: Rutgers University - Newark

                            January 29, 2012 Sunday

Occupy movement continues in Newark

BYLINE: Akin Shoyoye

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 300 words


1 note

By Akin Shoyoye

The Occupy Newark protesters haven't attracted much attention from students,
residents or the RUPD recently. It almost seems as if the occupiers have been
preparing to brave the next installment of the winter's fury.

Despite their quiet efforts, the protesters are here to stay. What began in late
Nov. 2011 as a protest that mimicked Occupy Wall Street, a movement against the
nation's staggering economic inequality,  transformed into a movement that
voiced the concerns of many Newark residents about the socioeconomic disparity,
gentrification, and poverty.

Dannisha Williams, who prefers to go by the name of Hatari Sanfoka, is one of
the leaders of Occupy Newark. Sanfoka is not only a member of the Newark
Antiviolence Coalition or NAVC, but is also the head of security, a member of
the finance committee, and manager of the food supply. She said that it's been a
bumpy ride for Occupiers as they've struggled with preserving food and
maintaining heat in the tents.

"We had a couple of people from the community that come down and they donate
stuff," said Sanfoka. "[Councilwoman] Mildred Crump has been sending people down
to see how we're doing and I go and report to her. She brings down food. Anytime
I call her she answers."

Councilman Ras J. Braka, the founder of the NAVC, also spent a night with the
protesters during the movement's inception, has been a tremendous help as well.

Sanfoka has also been troubled by a recent visit by Mayor Cory Booker who came
down to the Occupy site and requested that the occupiers find a new source of
energy.

"The only thing he came over here at ten o'clock for was to tell us about using
the lights," said Sanfoka.

The protesters have been using the outlets from city lampposts to heat their
tents during the uncomfortably cold nights.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Columbia Chronicle: Columbia College

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Bowl of Dust is "occupying" your ears

BYLINE: Amanda Murphy

SECTION: ARTS-CULTURE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 650 words


Many people wouldn't look at losing their job as a good thing. But Kyle
Klipowicz, frontman for the band Bowl of Dust, said it was really the starting
point for the group. Going on its second year, the band has experienced success
with the release of its debut EP, "Sour Mash." Consisting of Klipowicz as
guitarist and vocalist, Brian Lewis-Jones on trombone, the mysterious Johnny D
playing upright bass and Kyle Drouin contributing percussion, the band continues
to make its way through the Chicago music scene, focusing its attention on
political issues, marketing with handmade soap and even recording at Occupy
Chicago protests.

Courtesy PETYA SHALAMANOVA

The Chronicle: How did Bowl of Dust start?

Kyle Klipowicz: I had worked in a mortgage company when I got out of college. I
was an instructional designer with a subprime mortgage lender. And then I
started hearing about subprime mortgages in the news and I thought, "How is this
going to affect my job?" Well, lo and behold, I got laid off. So I started
writing some music, and my time off really fueled it. And I had always had a
concentration in electronic music, but I started doing some acoustic sets under
my electronic name, Plenum.

And then I met a guy, a trombone player, who started to play with me, and then I
knew a guy who played crazy junkyard percussion. We played a few shows like
that, but then our former drummer got hit by a truck on his bike and survived,
but he was in the hospital for a long time. So we lost our drummer, but I had
just acquired a guy who could play upright bass. Then we finally got a guy who
could play percussion. So Bowl of Dust as it is has been around for about a year
and a half.

The Chronicle: You recently released the album "Sour Mash." What were some
influences you drew upon for it?

KK: We basically recorded that entire album in one session on a 4-track tape
with all of the reverb and the real sound. We're trying to get away from all of
the pretenses of everything and be as raw as we can with our deliveries. We're
trying to be very handmade artisans, craftsmen with our delivery.

The Chronicle: How did you come up with creating soap as a marketing strategy
for your band?

KK: I firmly believe in the physical. In this day and age, most things are
digital. But soap is a tactile thing where you can feel it and smell it. It's a
very holistic experience that you can create for a brand identity.

The Chronicle: So the more physical aspect, is that why you decided to put your
album on cassette tapes?

KK: The tapes are very collectible. They're analog, and everyone loves analog.
It gives it that record sound, but records are very expensive to manufacture, so
you can take a lot less money and put it into tapes. A lot of people think it's
a gimmick. But [in] a lot of the circles I've been traveling in, it's a pretty
happening thing. Teen River, the label that we put our record out with, has been
doing huge batches of tape releases. It's nice to have something in a physical
form, and even more so something that wears out as you play it. I have some old
tapes from high school, and really, the sound is terrible ... but it adds
character, like an old leather belt that starts to wear out over time. It's
something that can't be reproduced.

The Chronicle: What's in store for Bowl of Dust?

KK: In the future, we definitely want to do some touring. We haven't really been
able to tour a lot yet because we didn't have the album together. So now that we
have this [EP] we can at least send it to different places. We would like to
record some more. There are some songs that have been written but haven't made
the cut yet. We would also like to make some videos. I would really like to
reach out and find some more bands that play the same "new Americana" elements.

For more information on Bowl of Dust, to view upcoming shows or download its EP
"Sour Mash" for a limited time, visit BowlOfDust.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Columbia Chronicle: Columbia College

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Penn State: Predator pride

BYLINE: Samuel Charles

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 396 words


Former Penn State University football coach Joe Paterno died of lung cancer Jan.
22, and there's a good chance you already knew that. His 409 victories,
overshadow any other coach in NCAA football history. In the football realm,
Paterno is a god. Bobby Bowden may rival his amount of respect within the game,
but probably not. "JoePa" is on a different level.

That level, though, was taken to sicken- ing new heights in the wake of the
Jerry Sandusky child rape scandal.The twisted and gut-wrenching details of what
allegedly happened within the confines of Penn State football facilities are
foul beyond words.

According to Mike McQueary,who testified to witnessing Sandusky molesting a boy
in the Penn State locker room showers, he told Paterno of what he saw in 2002.
Paterno then told Athletic Director Tim Curley.

And that was the end of it.

Nothing for nine years. If he was alive today, I'd love to ask him how much
NyQuil he drank on a daily basis. How else could he sleep soundly?

Pennsylvania state law requires that anyone with knowledge of potential child
abuse of any form report it to the police and Children and Youth Services.

JoePa was on a different level, all right. He thought he was above the law. He
and the rest of the Penn State administrationeffectively told themselves and the
rest of the world that winning football games and maintaining a facade of
excellence was more important than the safety and well-being of innocent
children by main- taining their deafening, haunting silence.

The pain of the victims can't be under- stated. What was done is irrevocable.
Had attention been brought to the situation sooner, things might have been
different.

After university officials fired Paterno in November 2011, Penn State students
took to the streets to protest the decision. Some flipped a news van on its side
to show how much they loved their former head coach/accessory to child rape.
Maybe my generation is as stupid as many people seem to think.

Penn State is football.As hollow an identity as that might seem, it's true.
Former players, alumni and current students still revere Paterno as a good,
honorable man.

He literally admitted guilt in court: "I should have done more."

What more can someone need to hear? What can one possibly be confused about? He
knew exactly what he didn't do, and every else-especially the Penn State
community-should acknowledge it.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 348 DOCUMENTS


               The Northern Light: University of Alaska Anchorage

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

SatS: Isn't he adorable when he's vomiting all over himself?

BYLINE: Danielle Haley

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 500 words


We've all seen them: popular cocktail or beer in hand, sophisticated, confident
swagger with a semi-cocky upturn of the mouth that makes them irresistible to
most. However, slowly but surely by the end of the night they become your worst
nightmare: the amazing conversation you had moments earlier becomes a slurry
concoction of cuss words and sexual innuendos, none of which are comprehensible
to anyone but the one speaking them, and that swagger you found so attractive
earlier now becomes a drunken concentration of "right foot, left foot...fall."

While there is always one of these in every crowd and they tend to be the
conversational topic of post-Saturday nights out, what happens when those
characters actually end up being someone's significant other? What if they were
yours?

"David" was someone I normally wouldn't date but had been willing to try out
nonetheless. Not necessarily confident in himself, I found his quirky
personality traits endearing and like most budding relationships, I became
increasingly excited to show off the physical reason for the consistency in my
"good mood."

The night of introduction was also a girlfriend's 21st birthday, which in
hindsight was probably a bad idea. Making it a girls' night out, we celebrated
by barhopping around Anchorage, starting our evening at the ever popular
downtown bar "The Pio," where David was to meet us. What I expected to be a
night of jealousy-infused introductions and merriment of celebration turned into
an increasing-by-the-hour night of embarrassment.

David, (who also had said he would not be drinking period), had apparently
started his night early and by meeting time was already feeling the effects of
his one-too-many cocktails. He decided it wouldn't be a 21st birthday
celebration without drinks and by drinks, he meant rounds of Jaeger bombs. Utter
shock and unpleasantness began to creep into the faces of my girlfriends as
David drunkenly egged us on to take the shots.

After much protest from my friends and fueled by his inebriated state, David
dropped the tray of six cocktails onto the floor. Normally I do not take such
antics lightly but for the sake of saving face in wake of my friend's special
night, I managed to find David's more 'sober' friends and have them escort him
away before any more embarrassing afflictions could ensue. Although I had heard
from mutual friends earlier on in our relationship that David had a tendency to
be less inclined to handling his alcohol well, especially in the depths of
social events, I was too blinded by my increasing affection for him to take any
heed of these warnings with anything less than a grain of salt.

These situations, however, can increasingly become a problem if not handled
correctly. My solution? Talk to your partner. Communication, in my opinion, is
the key to every successful relationship. However, do not-I repeat,do not-nag.
You can drink and have fun, but don't overindulge-no one likes a sloppy drinker.
Heed this advice andget your crap together!

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 348 DOCUMENTS


            The Michigan Review: University of Michigan - Ann Arbor

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

Facebook facing criticism

BYLINE: Stephanie Wang

SECTION: BLOG; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 303 words


With the GOP primary season just beginning, Facebook decided earlier this month
that it would measure the mentions of candidates on U.S. users profiles and
"assess the negative and positive sentiments." It will then feed that info to
Politico. Politico's journalists will then analyze the info and comment on that.

Some see it as an interesting experiment. The ACLU, however, is not pleased.

From the Washington Examiner:

Citing three concerns, Christopher Calabrese of the ACLU's Legislative Office,
argues that Facebook should justify the use of users private communications for
analysis.

Facebook revealed earlier this month that every post and comment by a U.S. user
containing information about presidential candidates will now be fed through a
sentiment analysis tool. According to the announcement, Facebook shares that
information exclusively with Politico.

Calabrese notes that, "many users may not want to be part of any 'sentiment
analysis' or poll, and might "feel hesitant" to share their opinion regarding
any candidate. Also a concern to the ACLU, Facebook failed to reveal "any
mention of user consent anywhere" in their announcement of the project.

Finally, the ACLU mentioned that Facebook may one day share this information
with political campaigns, who would use it to target advertising, manipulate
voter data, or shape political messaging.

"We place a premium on political speech in the United States and debating
candidates' positions and merits," wrote Calabrese. "Because Facebook has become
one of the central forums for political debate it has a duty to clearly disclose
any practices that threaten to distort that discussion."

The ACLU protests a lot of things, but this might be of more interest,
especially to our Facebook-obsessed generation. How many Facebookers were even
aware this was happening?

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The University News: Saint Louis University

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Commentary: Pay for the play?

BYLINE: Nick Shackelford

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 594 words


Picture an enormous number of workers in an industry who attend school
full-time, work full-time and produce millions of dollars for their employers.
No, this is not a labor camp; this is the multi-million dollar industry where
student-athletes produce large amounts of revenue for the NCAA.

Controversy is now surrounding the NCAA and whether their decision to add $2,000
to current athletic scholarships for Division I athletics will come through.

It is understood that not all NCAA sports deserve to be compensated by means of
a stipend.

But sports that generate large revenue and merchandise sales, such as Division I
men's football and Division I men's basketball, would create an argument in
receiving such stipend. This would also extend to other schools that excel in
Division I women's sports.

The NCAA website says, "Student-athletes are students first and athletes second.
They are not university employees who are paid for their labor.

Many student-athletes receive athletics grants-in-aid that can be worth more
than $100,000." Athletic scholarships, unlike academic scholarships that are
given as four-year scholarships, are given on a yearly basis.

If athletes decide for whatever reason to no longer participate in their
respected sport, the scholarship becomes void. If the NCAA elects to add a
stipend for revenue-making sports at schools, it would indeed take away the
temptation that student-athletes have of selling personal items to afford daily
living.

According to espn.com, Ohio State football's star quarterback Terrelle Pryor and
four other teammates were suspended for the first five games of the 2011
football season because they sold championship rings, jerseys and awards.

However, some athletes feel that they are entitled to sell their jerseys, socks,
pants and awards because they were given to them.

Recent discussions have been held within the NCAA for an allowance of $2,000 of
athletic scholarship to be added annually by various conferences to existing
athletic scholarships. NCAA President Mark Emmert said, "I know there's a lot of
debate out there for pay for play, but that's not even open for discussion. It's
so antiethical to what college athletics is."

Generally, student-athletes spend between 10 and 15 hours practicing, depending
upon when seasons are and what sport it is. Add this to a general
student-athlete course schedule, which falls between 12 and 16 hours of classes
per week. This does not take into consideration traveling and class work. This
takes away any chance of obtaining an outside job in order to gain some sort of
income for living.

Without a football team  or a perrenial NCAA basketball tournament qualifying
team, SLU does not receieve as much publicity as teams with already strong
athletic programs. Because SLU does not have as much money to spend on
athletics, their recruitment efforts are not at the same level as the
aforementioned schools.

This forces SLU to recruit and then develop a weaker caliber of players.  The
weaker calliber of players   causes the team to not perform as well, which
continues the spiral of downward athletics. Other schools with more revenue to
spend on stipends only increases the gap between the top recruiting schools in
the country and the weaker ones.

One can say that the schools in the Big Ten or SEC are "the one percent" and
schools in the Atlantic 10 or SWAC conferences are the 99 percent." Maybe the
A-10 and SWAC can join together to form an "Occupy NCAA" protest.  I could write
about, "Biondi and athletes joining hands against the University of Missouri."

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              Daily Bruin: University of California - Los Angeles

                             January 9, 2012 Monday

Bargain for your buck

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 806 words


During this winter break, UCLA found itself in another ranking "" this time on
Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine's Best Values in Public Colleges. UCLA was
ranked America's ninth best bargain for public colleges and two other UC schools
found a place in the top 10.It may come as a surprise to members of the Occupy
movement and other student protesters that a reputable magazine still finds
three UCs to remain top 10 "bargains." Even in September of last year, the
editorial board at the San Francisco Chronicle went so far as to say the exact
opposite "" the University of California is no longer a bargain after the
increased tuition.Coming from South Carolina, I had the option of going to a
state school at virtually no cost. But with the miracle of my admission to UCLA
along with various grants, scholarships, jobs, loans and the ultimate generosity
of my extended family, I have financed my education with an unwillingness to
forego the chance to attend this incredible institution.The state of UCLA is
much more complicated than this superficial ranking.

And depending on your definition of "bargain," you may agree or disagree with
this study.It is easy to say that education should be free. Education is
inherently a public good and has been proven historically to be of substantial
benefit. However, when comparing education to other civil liberties "" the likes
of free speech and freedom of religion "" the definition of "free" becomes
muddled.We are free to educate ourselves through our own initiative but once we
start asking for someone else's services to teach us directly, there is an
implied cost. Bottom line, public education is not necessarily free because
someone still has to foot the bill and pay for your education.The cost of
attending a university is actually higher than what students are paying because
they are so labor intensive, said Susanne Lohmann, professor of political
science. So in that respect, UCLA still remains a "bargain," even with the
increased tuition. But to uly ascertain the deal we are getting here, it is
essential that we know where "fee" dollars are going "" something that is not
currently available to students.Student conibutions have now surpassed those of
the state, which is hard to believe when the UC was once free for California
residents. However agic that is, it is our reality and cannot entirely, if at
all, be blamed on California taxpayers.There are now countless scholarship
opportunities available at UCLA "" the Blue and Gold Opportunity Plan now awards
all California students with a family income of $80,000 or less full tuition to
UCLA. And, ultimately, student loans are available for all other expenses. While
loans may seem dangerous and many fear the next financial crises to be caused by
student debt, the available credit is an essential tool for students that are
able to obtain degrees and the jobs that will allow them to repay the debts and
set themselves up for future prosperity.Now that students have the
responsibility of paying for their education, it is essential that students
require our regents to be more democratic and inclusive to students and
professors in their decision-making process. With our increasing conibution to
tuition, it is now our right to question adminisative pay and consuction
ventures when tuition increases are on the line.The UC budget is not ansparent
and students do not know where their money is going, said Rahim Kurwa, a
graduate student in sociology.University students are still on average making
more money than those without a college degree. For me and others, there were
cheaper alternatives to UCLA, but few that could offer the resources and
intellectual pursuits of UCLA. Only eight public colleges are better bargains
according to Kiplinger's report.But we cannot harp on these rankings. In order
to maintain the integrity of this institution, it must adjust its funding model
because the state has proven to be an unreliable source for funding. As students
being taught to be autonomous, free-thinking individuals and with higher costs
of attendance, this lesson is even more necessary.Students are in a tougher
position than ever and the University of California as an institution needs to
be more inclusive and democratic by allowing more student and professor
representatives to ensure the money we are now paying out of our pockets is
directly benefitting us and our professors.We must continue to find ways to
finance our education creatively because now the pressure is on us to pay. And
ultimately as a generation, I believe we will benefit from these challenges.
Unlike those before us that may have gotten a free ride, it is in our agency to
propel ourselves forward. Are you up for the challenge? Email Ugarte at
rugarte@media.ucla.edu Send general comments to opinion@media.ucla.edu

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              Daily Bruin: University of California - Los Angeles

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday

UC butts in

BYLINE: Nicole Mirea

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 839 words


Full disclosure: I am not a smoker. But the suggested UC-wide 2014 smoking ban
does have me worried.On Jan. 9, University of California President Mark Yudof
sent a letter to the UC chancellors calling on each of them to make their
campuses smoke-free within the next 24 months. That means no smoking, chewing
tobacco and "the use of unregulated nicotine products" (think eleconic
cigarettes) will be allowed in both indoor and outdoor spaces.The smoke-free end
has been gathering steam in recent years, with 586 university campuses
nationwide with smoking bans currently in place.

And now, UCLA and the rest of the UC campuses will jump on the bandwagon. But
this policy, while noble in intention, is faulty in both its implementation and
theory.The first problems lie with its proposed implementation Â­"" problems
which will now be thrust into the hands of individual UC campuses.Dianne Klein,
a representative for the UC Office of the President, said the ban would be
non-punitive, and students caught smoking would be mainly encouraged to quit.
"This is not a police action," she said.While the focus on education is indeed
encouraging, the university still needs peopleÂ­ "" lots of people Â­"" to
enforce this ban if it is to be effective. And these people, whether university
police or community service officers, still need to be paid.A smoking ban would
be a misguided diversion of university resources at a time when economic
pressures are forcing the entire UC system to tighten its belt. As tuition rises
dramatically from year to year, students have begun paying more attention to how
that money is spent; last quarter's Occupy UCLA and Fund the UC protests are
proof of that.In order for this program not to go to waste, its benefits must
outweigh its costs. But is a blanket smoking ban even necessary?On a statewide
level, smoking in enclosed workplaces has been prohibited in California since
1995.Here at UCLA, the percentage of students who smoke has been dropping, with
10 percent as the most current estimate, compared to a high of 15.2 in 1967. We
seem to be doing alright all by ourselves.A sanction from a higher power like
the UC might actually have the opposite effect. A recent model by David De
Cremer, psychologist and professor at London Business School, points out that
sanctions aimed at reducing unwanted behaviors can sometimes have the opposite
effect, as the violators may see the sanction as playing a compensatory role.
That is, the infractors could believe they can simply pay a fine, and get away
with smoking.The uth of the matter, however, is that nobody "gets away" with
smoking. The health implications are widely known, and students are aware of
these consequences. As adults, we are fully capable of making our own choices
about our own health.Choosing to quit smoking is a personal, individual
decision. It cannot be made by some distant entity.In order to quit, the smoker
must want to quit. And no matter how much power the UC wields, it can never
force its students to want to do anything.In November, the UCLA Health System
recently imposed a similar ban, which has been likened to this UC-wide
resiction. In fact, it is completely different.The Health System ban was put
into place because smoking directly interferes with the purpose of the hospital
"" that is, the improvement of its patients' health. The purpose of a
university, however, is to educate. Smoking, whatever its effects on the
respiratory system, does not impair brain function beyond the nicotine
receptors. Smoking does not impair learning.According to Yudof's letter, the ban
was announced because of concerns about the environment, the health of each
smoker and the health of people around the smoker exposed to secondhand smoke.
But there are many behaviors which put humans and the environment in jeopardy,
which we still allow on campus.Should the UC ban the use of aerosol sprays from
its campuses because of its environmental impact? Should it proscribe the
consumption of high-sodium foods because it can be hazardous to our health?
Should it prohibit all non-academic use of the Internet because it can be
addictive?It is ue that the University of California owns the land. But this
does not give them license, as a public institution, to enforce any rules it
justifies as beneficial to its students and employees.Once we start applying
private morality to a public system, we leave the door open to a myriad of
decisions based more on one man's concept of right and wrong than on what is
actually beneficial for the university.The ban is certainly well-intentioned;
that much is clear. However, leaving a personal decision in the hands of a
removed entity is not the right way to go about it.Instead of a ban, information
about smoking cessation programs should be more visible without demonizing the
smoker.In the future, the UC should leave room for input from its subjects
before mandating such broad, blanketed solutions.Do you agree with the UC-wide
smoking ban? Email Mirea at nmirea@media.ucla.edu

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                        The Yale Herald: Yale University

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

Boom/Bust - The Yale Herald

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 82 words


INCOMING: The SOPA BlackoutIn protest of the Stop Online Piracy Act, Wikipedia
and other sites like Reddit coordinated a service blackout. Maybe your TA told
you to Wikipedia the answers to your discussion questions and you couldn't
because it was blacked out. Maybe not but probably yes. (It happened to us.)

OUTGOING: Talking about Sex WeekIt got approved! Woohoo! Now, let's never talk
about it again. (Read: let's never read another YDN opinion piece about it
again.) Don't get us wrong, we

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              Daily Bruin: University of California - Los Angeles

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

TV airing delays from UK to US make for a baffling case

BYLINE: Samantha Suchland

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 665 words


I will cover my ears while humming the Jack in the Box Jumbaco commercial if it
means avoiding a spoiler. But even Jumbaco couldn't save me from an ambush of
Internet spoilers after BBC aired the season two finale of "Sherlock" in Britain
last week.It's baffling that British broadcasters delay the airing of new
seasons of shows that are already popular in America. Aside from making the
Internet an unsafe space for avoiding a twist ending that had bloggers in tears
and critics demanding award nominations, it's a cruel experiment in
temptation.The recent SOPA protests and federal take down of Megaupload add
insult to injury. Sherlock Holmes would tell his pal Dr. Watson that this
conclusion is elementary "" that is, if he were both real and concerned with
fans of television shows being unfairly spoiled.This delay has become a familiar
issue for American fans of British television.

Take the Golden Globe-winning period drama "Downton Abbey," which is a huge boon
for PBS. "Downton" ended its second season in the U.K. with the largest audience
for a drama in a decade.Americans went on to twiddle their thumbs for two
months. Or in other cases, bang their heads against their desks repeatedly
asking what they did to deserve this.The increasingly global nature of
entertainment and the cracking down on file-sharing makes me wonder if British
broadcasters are enjoying torturing and tempting their American fans. The issue
is different from the illegal downloading of television shows that can easily be
watched on TV or bought online. For "Sherlock" fans outside of the U.K., there
is absolutely no way to legally watch the show when it airs. Season two hasn't
aired on American cable or subscription channels, and neither the U.S. iTunes
store nor Amazon Instant carries a digital version. While BBC has a global
iPlayer app for iPads and iPhones, the "global" description only refers to 11
counies, none of which is the United States.After several hours looking for a
way to buy the episodes, I was left ying to physically shove my debit card into
my laptop's CD drive while begging for the BBC to please take my money
already.While the delay can be chalked up to international licensing agreements
between the BBC and PBS, the channel on which "Sherlock" airs in the U.S., that
doesn't placate those who have been tormented by the season one cliffhanger for
more than a year now.If "Sherlock" were a brand new show, this marketing sategy
would make sense. Airing the first season in Britain would build buzz so that
American audiences would look forward to the premier. But now that an American
fan base has been built, and left with that season one cliffhanger, the second
season is unfairly floating just beyond their reach. Sure, a delay means
spreading high ratings throughout the year, but how reliable will those high
ratings be if American fans refuse to wait?The worst part is that BBC is already
aware of the issue. The sixth season of "Doctor Who" aired in both the U.K. and
the U.S. simultaneously. According to The New York Times, this decision was made
by BBC Worldwide America because of a jump in file sharing even when the airings
were only delayed by two weeks. For all of my temper tanums, television life has
been cushy for me as an American. The U.K. has been dealing with this issue for
much longer and on a grander scale. American shows like "It's Always Sunny in
Philadelphia" are only now making it across the pond, despite their popularity
in the states. So are Americans facing some sort of digital karma?Either way,
karma didn't take long to sike back with CBS' recent announcement of an
Americanized version of Sherlock Holmes titled "Elementary." Will "Elementary"
affect the success of "Sherlock" in the U.S.? That's a case for Sherlock Holmes.
One of them. Or maybe they can team up. Either way we won't have the answer for
a long while.Are you suffering withdrawals from a favorite foreign television
show? Email Suchland at ssuchland@media.ucla.edu

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         The Horizon: Westmont College

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

News briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 316 words


Westmont, Santa BarbaraPhysicist Karl Giberson will be delivering a speech
entitled, "Are Science and Religion at War?" The presentation, which is free and
open to the public, will be held in Adams 216 on Friday, Feb. 10 at 3:30 p.m.
will tackle the key questions in the evolution-religion debate.Giberson is the
director of the  Gordon College's Science and Religion Forum and a leading
scholar in America's and leads a teaching workshop on the topics of science and
religion. His most recent books include "The Language of Science and Faith:
Saight Answers to Genuine Questions," "The Anointed: Evangelical Truth in a
Secular Age," "Species of Origins: America's Search for a Creation Story" and
"Saving Darwin: How to be a Christian and Believe in Evolution." His book, "The
Wonder of the Universe: Hints of God in Our Fine-Tuned World," is scheduled to
be published in April. Giberson has conibuted to countless articles, reviews and
essays for websites and journals all over the world.

Melbourne, AusaliaWorld No.1 Novak Djokovic has beaten former chamption Rafael
Nadal in what became the longest Grand Slam game in history to win the Ausalian
Open. The match, which lasted six hours, had a point spread of 5-7, 6-4, 6-2,
6-7, 7-5. This is Djokovic's third consecutive grand slam win over Raphael Nadal
bringing him to a total of four grand slam wins.

Damascus, SyriaA day after 98 protesters were killed around Syria, another 62
people died in violence across Syria. The attacks prompted Arab League
authorities to postpone temporarily their mission to bring about an end of the
violence.According to the coordination committee, 19 were killed in Homs, 15 in
Hama and 6 in the capital of Damascus. Nearly 50 people were seriously injured
when government forces bombarded residential areas and cut out all utilities.
All Arab League officials have redeployed to the capital.Comments are closed.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                            January 10, 2012 Tuesday

BYU hockey takes to the road

BYLINE: Daniel Lewis

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1247 words


Editors note: Daily Universe sports editor Daniel Lewis accompanied BYU's hockey
team to a Las Vegas match in December to provide a first-hand perspective of a
team road trip.

"All right, roll call! If you're here, say so!"

It is 9:30 in the morning as coach Jeremy Weiss goes down the team roster,
checking to make sure his players have made it onto the bus. The team bus idles
outside Seven Peaks Arena, and the players are ready to get the long drive out
of the way and onto the ice to face UNLV. Las Vegas is five hours away, and the
players are looking forward to the drive.

After three hours of staring at the Utah countryside, the team stops in St.
George to grab some lunch. The coaches give the players a deadline of 2:30 p.m.,
and everybody hurries away.

"Man, it feels nice to not have to wear a jacket," says defender Brad Gordon.

The coaching staff heads off to Olive Garden, while some players head across the
street for Applebees, Five Guys, or a run through Target for some groceries. At
2:30, the players run back to beat the coaches to the bus, for the opportunity
to give them a ribbing for not making it back before then.

"Hey, coach, what time is it? Look at my phone, what's the clock say on there?
Where you been?"

The coaches get them back on board, the players get settled back in their seats,
and the trip is back under way.

At 4:30 Mountain time, the skyline of Las Vegas fills the front windshield. Most
of the players are resting off lunch as the bus takes the Lake Mead Boulevard
exit toward the hotel and ice arena. The games are going to be played at Sobe
Ice Arena, a rink attached to the Fiesta Rancho Hotel & Casino.

After arriving at the hotel, the team checks in, drops gear off in their rooms,
then heads off to the arena on the bus. After a short drive, the team unloads in
front of the doors. Assistant captain Tanner Billingsley leads them through the
doors, quickly across the smoky, dimly lit casino floor into an equally lit
arena. Little Christmas lights hang from the end boards, while a small Christmas
tree tries to spread the holiday message.

The team makes its way down the ice, into the visitors' locker room to dump
their gear along the walls. A few players unpack sticks, beginning their evening
by unwrapping then rewrapping their sticks. Players scramble around, and the
mood begins to brighten up as they joke around with each other, shaking off the
dust from traveling.

After changing into warm-up gear, a couple of the players begin stretching while
two forwards warm up their sticks by passing around a small ball.

It's 5 p.m. here in Las Vegas, and the team has to get going with the game
starting earlier than their accustomed 7:30 drop time.

"We usually start with plyometrics, sprints, anything to get the blood flowing,"
said defender Chris Larsen. "Everyone has their own pre-game routine after that
though."

After their bodies are fluid and loose for the game from the exercises, the team
heads back into the locker room to strap on their pads and skates 30 minutes
before the puck drops.

The locker room has a nervous energy to it, while players strap on their pads,
tape up their socks, and slip on their jerseys. Everybody gets quiet when the
coach steps in to address the team before they head out to the ice.

"We can beat these guys tonight," says coach Weiss. "If we play to our systems,
stay disciplined, and perform the way we did in practice, we have a really good
shot at coming out of here with two wins guys."

The team gathers for a prayer, repeating the standard athletic prayer: help us
play to the best of our ability, bless us with strength, protect us from being
injured. As they break, the team gradually makes its way out of the locker room,
tapping the small, "Play like a champion today" sign on their way out.

"Why is it at waist level? I didn't even have to jump. Aren't you supposed to
jump?" grumbles one of the players.

The team plays well, with a strong performance from the starting line of Tate
Cowley, Landon Ball and Tanner Grey. The Cougars start the third period up 4-3,
but are hurt by mistakes from some veteran players and the game finishes 6-5,
advantage UNLV.

"We played these guys pretty even," said general manager Stan Weiss. "Our
rookies really stepped up tonight, just flashing that potential we have."

The players shower, get dressed, then trickle out of the locker room. Some of
the players meet up with family from the area, while others group together to
head out for food. There is a Kanye West concert at the MGM, but with an 11 p.m.
curfew, the players won't be in attendance.

The coaching staff returns to their room to go over stats and plan for the next
game. They talk about which players played well, those that didn't, and decide
the lineup for the next game. Assistant captain Tanner Billingsley stops by
before curfew to talk about personnel moves and check in. At 11 p.m., coach
Weiss sends Billingsley out to check if players have made it back.

Once back in their rooms, the players surf the Internet, watch some television,
and wind down before heading to sleep.

The players take advantage of the opportunity to sleep in, rolling out of bed to
get prepared for the day and get some studying for finals in. Coach Stan sends
out a text detailing the itinerary. Checkout is at noon, ice time is at 3:30,
giving the team time for lunch on the strip in between.

The Strip is bustling with visitors, tourists clamoring for pictures, looking
around for the sights and sounds that makes Las Vegas appealing. The players
split up, some hitting the stores while others look for buffets or restaurants.

After lunch is done, the ice rink beckons once again, and it's back on the bus
to make the short drive to the arena to prepare for the next game.

The game starts in similar fashion as Friday; small crowd, UNLV scores first,
and the team looks to rally. The Cougars have the experience of Friday's loss
under their belt however, and rally to tie the game 5-5.

Grateful to at least come back to Provo with a draw, the mood in the locker room
is brighter than the previous night. The players pack their bags, turn off the
lights, lock the doors, and move their gear onto the bus. The coaches tell them
to make a quick food run, and then it's off to Provo.

The bus leaves the parking lot close to 10:30 p.m., and many of the players are
already beginning to nod off. The lights of Las Vegas quickly fade away, and the
bus slips into the light traffic on I-15.

The ride back is much more quiet. With the players' reading days spent on the
road, they will need their rest to prepare for finals week. Those who made an
effort to study eventually nod off, and the bus continues to roll across the
desert as the night continues on.

It's 4:30 in the morning when the bus crosses the bridge over the tracks on
University Avenue, trundles past the Tabernacle, and turns onto Center Street.
The grumbles of waking players crescendo from the front to the back, and by the
time they reach Seven Peaks, everyone is up and ready to get to their homes.

"I've got ward meetings and church in a couple hours. It's a good thing I got
some sleep on the bus," said captain Adam Farero.

The coaches wish the players a merry Christmas, and good luck on their finals.
They take their gear to their cars, scrape the ice off their frozen windshields,
and head home to get some rest before their church meetings start.

"It was good, it was fun," said defender Scott Johnson of the trip. "I'm looking
forward to next semester."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Stanford Daily: Stanford University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Artist presents interpretive Qur'an project

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1046 words


Correction: Due to an editing error, a previous version of this article
incorrectly identified Qamar Adamjee as a member of the audience.  Adamjee, as
stated earlier in the article, is the associate curator of South Asian Art at
the San Francisco Asian Art Museum and led the night's discussion. The Daily
regrets the error.

Artist Sandow Birk presented his American Qur'an project as part of the Abbasi
Program in Islamic Studies event series "We the People: Islam and U.S.
Politics." The project is Birk's attempt to hand-transcribe the entire Qur'an,
illuminating the text with scenes from contemporary American life.

The event consisted of a presentation by Birk on his influences, a discussion
with Qamar Adamjee, who is the associate curator of South Asian Art at the San
Francisco Asian Art Museum, and a Q&A session. Throughout the event, Birk
projected pages of his work overhead.

Each page features chapters or parts of chapters of the Qur'an, in its 1861 J.
M. Rodwell translation, set against scenes of contemporary American life. The
scenes included museum visitors at a dinosaur exhibit, customers at a grocery
store checkout line and diners in a Chinese restaurant - as well as war images
featuring American soldiers.

The pages are in the standard size of ancient Qur'an manuscripts. Birk said he
also used the border motifs and system of verse numbering present in traditional
Qur'ans.

Vincent Barletta, interim director of the Abbasi Program, listed Burk's
illustrious credentials, which include a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1996, a
Fulbright Fellowship in 1997 and posts as artist in residence at the Smithsonian
Institute in Washington, D.C., and at the Cité Internationale des Arts in Paris
in 2008.

Burk, however, introduced himself as a "mere painter."

He continued to describe his upbringing, education and dedication to surfing,
mentioning his early work depicting the 1992 Los Angeles riots and a fictional
war between San Francisco and Los Angeles.

His first step toward the American Qur'an project came when he stumbled upon a
used copy of Dante's "Divine Comedy" in a bookstore, and embarked on five-year
project to illustrate and rewrite the entire work into contemporary American
slang.

"I became interested in the idea of text and imagery, and that the pictures
weren't really illustration, but sort of commentary on a text - the opposite of
what illustrations are," Birk said.

After creating a series of etchings on the Iraq war, Birk became aware that the
image of Islam in America differed from what he had experienced on his surfing
travels to Islamic regions of the world.

He picked up a paperback copy of the Qur'an and began entertaining the idea of
creating an illuminated manuscript version of the ancient Islamic text.

"I ... intentionally went about this project with a false naiveté," he said. "I
said to myself, 'Let's just forget everything I know or have been told about the
Qur'an and take it at face value.'"

"I read the verses and I think, 'What is there in my life as an American, as a
Californian, that is metaphorical to this or that is connected to it somehow?'"
he said. "I start by transcribing the words and building the framework, and over
the course of a number of days pondering the words of the chapter I've read."

He presented a few of his pages, commenting on the connections he made between
text and image.

To accompany a passage about the Prophet Mohammed's role as a messenger to the
world, Birk chose to depict a printing press showing modern day communication.
To accompany a passage mentioning the Virgin Mary, Birk drew a corner store from
his Hispanic Los Angeles neighborhood where the Virgin Mary is painted on the
side of the store. Passages on the flood of Noah were accompanied by images of
Hurricane Katrina.

"It's hard to comprehend destruction of that scale," Birk said of the
catastrophes in both the Qur'an and the Bible. "But then you think I do remember
what it's like when a whole city is wiped out by flood."

He explained his approach of juxtaposing the sacred text against scenes of daily
life, describing his intended audience as average Americans who "might not
necessarily know anything about the Qur'an."

"So often your brain is thinking about these enormous beyond worldly things," he
said. "You're thinking about life, you're thinking about life after life; but as
your brain is thinking these things you're standing in line at the ATM machine."

Birk plans to complete all 220 pages and compile them in a book, as well as hold
exhibitions of all the works in the next 18 months.

The artwork prompted mixed responses from the audience, with some members taking
offense of the perceived insensitivity towards the sacred text. Audience members
also questioned the association of violence with the Qur'an in a response to the
war images accompanying some of the text. Several audience members said they
were "disturbed" by the pieces.

Others, however, insisted that the project brought the Qur'an to Americans in an
accessible manner.

Birk repeatedly emphasized his role as an artist and not a religious scholar.

"The images aren't meant to be didactic," he said. "They're not meant to tell
you anything. They're meant to be my own ponderings."

"The images aren't illustrations of the text they're not pictures of what the
text says. They're metaphors for what could possibly be suggested by the text,"
he continued.

He also touched on the potential cross-cultural understanding his project could
spark.

"My happiness and wonder at the Qur'an since I've started reading it is it's
just so familiar," Birk said. "Coming from a Western Christian culture, it's the
same stories...It's Adam and Eve, it's Noah's Ark...It's such a familiar
message. It's so astonishing to me the clash between the two cultures."

Adamjee closed the talk commenting on the role of art.

"One of the things that artworks do is create questions, force us to look along
at things that are taken for granted that are often taken over by a mainstream
dialogue," Adamjee said. "That's what keeps us active and keeps us engaged ...
We need this type of artwork to generate conversation to generate dialogue; we
need these types of jolts to our system every so often."

The event was co-sponsored by the Stanford Humanities Center and the Cantor Arts
Center.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                          Concordiensis: Union College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Joe Paterno's legacy

BYLINE: Tommy Schaffer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 295 words


This past Sunday, college football lost one of the best coaches to ever take the
field. Joe Paterno (1926- 2012), otherwise known as "Joe Pa," died at the age of
85 from complications of lung cancer. Paterno spent 61 years in the Penn State
organization, 46 of them as head coach of the Nittany Lions. Over that span,
Paterno amassed a 406-163-3 overall record, two national titles and coached over
250 players who would eventually go professional. He holds the record for the
most wins of all-time, coaching five undefeated teams as he accumulated many
awards and accolades throughout his time at Penn State.

More recently, however, Paterno has faced criticism over a scandal that shocked
the college football community. During the past season Jerry Sandusky, long time
defensive coordinator for the Nittany Lions (1969-1999), was arrested on 40
counts of sexual abuse of eight boys over a 15 year period. Paterno was
criticized because while the actions of Sandusky were reported to him, Paterno
never contacted the authorities. Instead, he told his administrators who he
thought could better handle the situation.

When the scandal surfaced on Nov. 5, 2011, Paterno was let go a few days later.
He left a team he had coached to an 8-1 record with only three regular season
games left. Following the decision there were riots, as many students and alumni
sided with Paterno rather than the school's decision to let him go.  A few days
following his firing, Paterno was diagnosed with lung cancer, which eventually
took his life.

Although more recent news may have tarnished his legacy, the image of Paterno
pacing the sidelines in his Penn State windbreaker, thick-rimmed glasses and
black shoes will be a mark he will leave behind forever in the memory of Nittany
Lions fans.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                Badger Herald: University of Wisconsin - Madison

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday

The Good, the Bad, and Gov. Scott Walker

SECTION: OPED; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 558 words


Last week, I accompanied my father as he joined the Austin Federation of
Musicians, Chapter 433. He now joins more than 2,000 workers back in my colder
home of Wisconsin, which ranks 2.3 percent higher than the national average for
percentage of unionized workers. However, Wisconsin has recently experienced a
slew of union debates as a result of the partisan leveraging of Gov. Scott
Walker's administration entering recall panic.

Texas is a "right to work" state, meaning employers do not have to hire only
unionized workers. Wisconsin, on the other hand, is not. This means it's up to
each company to reach an accord with its employees about union policies. It also
means situations escalate quickly. The Manitowoc Company is faced with just such
a dilemma. As of Jan. 13, the manufacturer wants to move away from being a
"union shop," or a company that employs only union members. A 200-strong
picketing line of unionized machinists says differently.

This is just one strike in a slew of recent union struggles. As of early
January, Wisconsin police and firefighters are faced with the choice of either
losing bargaining rights or taking contract concessions. Furthermore, an angry
chasm has been created between public safety workers, who are just now having to
deal with the consequences of Walker's Legislature, and other government
employees who have been without adequate pay for a while.

Additionally, rallies are taking place in Wausau, where a juvenile corrections
counselor was sent home without pay for wearing a T-shirt with a union logo. An
investigation is being launched, but it's unclear as to how far up the decision
goes. As reported by the Wausau Daily Herald, Ken Pickett, a retired school
teacher, said, "People [in the management] are trying to appease Walker and his
agenda."

Union disputes, while certainly the focal point, are set against a background of
little snags telling us the administration's days are numbered. In the last week
alone, Walker was booed at a Martin Luther King, Jr. Day event at the Capitol
and was denounced by the keynote speaker. Meanwhile, jobs are down,
redistricting may fall out and a close appointee may be charged with theft.

It's easy to imagine the current Wisconsin state government as a western, and
the recall as the showdown. Our antagonist, Walker, is starting his descent into
madness. He's losing his grip on the already-passed collective bargaining laws.
He's no longer sure he can trust his allies, and the unions are waiting in the
wings to reverse his decisions the moment the recall succeeds. The future's
uncertain, paranoia's setting in and there's danger around every turn.

The denouement of every western, of course, is the culminating chaos, a
no-holds-barred, one-man assault on the nameless and faceless forces of evil.
With 200 strikers in Manitowoc, marchers in Wausau and a city full of
dissatisfied policemen and firefighters, it's easy to see how Walker might feel
cornered and outnumbered. Unfortunately, Walker still has time left in office,
and such extensive union backlash could still lead him to strike a blow to
collective bargaining. A man apart with nothing left to lose, Walker can still
go down shooting against workers and their rights.

Taylor Nye (tenye@wisc.edu) is a junior majoring in archaeology, human
evolutionary biology and Latin American studies.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                      The Maroon Tiger: Morehouse College

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

A Meeting of the Minds

SECTION: UNCATEGORIZED; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 425 words


Dontavious Taylor, a Junior English major from Atlanta, serves as this year's
Chairman for the Student Welfare and Concerns committee of the Student
Government Association Senate. He helped to introduce a bill, originally known
as "Coffee Talk," to Morehouse College's Student Senate this past October.
Taylor now identifies Coffee Talk as a "Meeting of the Minds." The bill was
passed by the Senate at the end of the fall semester, and meetings will commence
once dates and locations have been finalized with Resident Hall Directors.

Oftentimes students express their needs to individual Senate members, and these
concerns go undocumented and sometimes ignored. During President town halls or
SGA general body meetings, some students feel to intimidated to approach a
microphone and express their concerns aloud, while others feel apathetic about
the process. Coffee Talk allows students to meet the Committee for Student
Welfare and Concerns in an informal environment - sometimes within their
residence halls - and an opportunity to provide honest, much needed feedback to
the SGA.

"I wouldn't expect a person to walk down the aisle of King Chapel and say
everything on his mind in front of 2,000 brothers," Taylor said. "My vision is
that a 'Meeting of the Minds' will allow students to feel more comfortable
expressing their concerns being placed amongst their peers in an informal yet
instructive conversation."

Students habitually demand change, but seldom provide possible solutions. The
committee hopes this initiative will provide a space for students to express not
only their concerns, but also possible solutions to said issues of concern.

"Oftentimes Morehouse puts office administrators on stage and they just talk at
students and not with students," Taylor said. "I want this to be a
conversation."

When individuals express their needs to the Senate, the Senate has no idea how
many people are affected by this, how many people are saying the same things. A
'Meeting of the Minds' allows the Senate to gauge the number of people saying
the same thing - a survey tool if you will.

Then, as Taylor said, "You have an idea; it's [the Senate's] job to figure out
how [we] can mobilize people to execute this idea, because SGA has a
responsibility to its students to help organize, mobilize and execute."

The committee would like to see SGA be more inclusive. A "Meeting of the Minds"
could be the solution, but students must be willing to meet with their senators
for a mature conversation.

Christian L. Saint-Vil

Opinions Editor

csaintvil03@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The McGill Tribune: McGill University

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

The McGill Tribune MUNACA strike ends

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 329 words


The McGill University Non-Academic Certified Association (MUNACA) voted to
accept a collective agreement with the McGill administration on Dec. 5. The
union members had been on strike since Sept. 1, 2011 and had been without a
labour contract since November 2010.

The five-year collective agreement was approved by 71.5 per cent of MUNACA
members.

"The members read the agreement and were able to debate the main issues.
Following a four-hour debate, they agreed to give the agreement their support,"
Kevin Whittaker, president of MUNACA, said in a press release. "We are truly
proud of the mobilization work by members since the start of the strike. Their
motivation and determination were key to resolving this conflict."

The agreement included a five year contract ending in November 2015, the gradual
implementation of a salary scale by 2015, salary increases of between 8.6 per
cent and 16 per cent during this period, and decision-making rights on the
Pension and Benefits Committee.

"Being able to negotiate a five-year agreement instead of a three-year contract
allowed us the necessary flexibility to both satisfy the Government of Quebec's
salary policy over the next three years, and meet many of the union's demands,"
Vice-Principal (Finance and Administration) Michael Di Grappa wrote in an email
to students. "We are glad we were able to accomplish what we set out to do:
negotiate a collective agreement that is fair, realistic, and sustainable in the
context of the University's financial situation."

The strike left McGill University missing approximately half of its non-academic
staff and as such, many university services were affected.

As the Winter 2012 semester begins, the McGill's Strike Info for Students
webpage reads, "While the strike is now over, many departments are facing
backlogs and returning staff members need to get up to speed. Therefore, it will
take some time for regular service levels to resume."

-Kyla Mandel and Carolina Millán Ronchetti

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Utah Statesman: Utah State University

                           January 11, 2012 Wednesday

COLUMN: Wacky predictions for 2012

BYLINE: STEVE SCHWARTZMAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 705 words


So, it's 2012, huh? I'm assuming this means you want me to say something about
the end of the world or Kevin Sorbo possibly being nominated for an Academy
Award. I'll consider the former, but the latter is out of the question - that's
a tragedy no innocent bystander should be forced to endure.

We've got one doozy of a year ahead of us - the general-reading public - one
stunningly laden with gripping headlines, societal changes aplenty and a
majority of people actually remembering who Michael Phelps is. I generally pose
him as a nighttime double agent who just so happens to have a daytime interior
design show on A&E.

Now, I'm no soothsayer, though I am a proponent to the support of people who
struggle through a life of saying the word "soothsayer" with a lisp - that's
just torture - but if I am good at anything it is giving a menial annual
forecast. So here goes my list of predictions for the year 2012. Feel free to
insert John Cusack jokes wherever best suits your fancy.

News - News aficionados the world over will be in a grand state of flux after
experiencing what will hereto be known as the "Protesting Conundrum."
Essentially all those who regularly distribute news through the Internet, a
tweet, text, blog or are Kent Brockman will stage a worldwide boycott from
official writing, causing a max influx of hiring professional newswriters for
actual newspapers, causing a form of reporter inflation where costs for hiring
writers shoots through the roof, stories go beyond sensationalized to further
competition and viewers for the first time in U.S. history are forced to tune
into NBC News to do more than look at Brian Williams' hair.

Shock and awe fill the news rooms when Calvin Coolidge defies science and comes
back to life with just enough time to publicly declare, "I have heard all of
your inquiries and, yes, my name is just that awesome."

E. coli makes a surprising comeback, spawning the Organic Great Depression.

Entertainment - The music world delights when '90s staple Eiffel 65 reunites as
a band and formally announces that the lyrics to the chorus of their song "Blue"
was intended to be an endearing serenade of a family throw rug, encouraging the
lead singer to explain, "Sorry guys, I got my wisdom teeth out that day."

The Academy Awards will finally regain credibility when they revise original
verdicts and award "Citizen Kane" the award for best picture in 1941 under the
newly ratified
For-goodness-sake-if-it's-considered-the-best-movie-of-all-time-it-sure-as-heck-
better-not-have-lost-to-"How Green was My Valley" Clause. Not that I'm bitter or
anything.

'N Sync returns. On the moon. It's going to happen. You'll see.

Well-renowned TV show "Arrested Development" returns. That's all I have to say,
it's that exciting.

Fashion - Sorry, no fashion predictions, I'm still overwhelmed by the "Arrested
Development" thing.

Sports - Michael Jordan makes a stunning comeback to basketball when he joins
Bugs Bunny in a quest to defeat power hungry aliens - wait, that's a movie...

The Chicago Cubs finally make their way to the World Series when 12-year-old
pitching prodigy Henry Rowengartner leads them to - hold on, that's wrong too...

Kevin Costner builds a miraculous baseball field that - nope, still a movie...

Kevin Costner makes his way through the minor league ranks in Durham, N.C., as a
- crap, where are my notes...

America's favorite underdog Rocky Balboa musters the courage to defeat Russian
monster Ivan Draco in a - what? That's a movie, too? Seriously? I am in serious
trouble.

OK, OK. The Red Wings win the Stanley Cup, Dodgers win the World Series, Tiger
Woods wins Wimbledon and wrestler Stone Cold Steve Austin buys the San Diego
Chargers and moves them to Los Angeles, naming them the L.A. Stunners.

Sorry, my NBA and NFL correspondents had all their prediction facts written down
in their offices, but they were locked out.

Election 2012 - Carl Winslow wins the election and becomes ruler of the free
world. Don't believe me? Your favorite political blogger must be on strike.

And lastly, Finding Waldo - Quite frankly, it depends on what page you are on.
More likely than not he is hiding behind a palm tree. Word has it he is dating
Carmen San Diego. She prefers a man in stripes.12

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                           The Circle: Marist College

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

BREAKING NEWS: THREE DEATHS CONFIRMED IN OFF-CAMPUS HOUSE FIRE

BYLINE: Philip Terrigno

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 585 words


BREAKING NEWS: THREE DEATHS CONFIRMED IN OFF-CAMPUS HOUSE FIRE

By Philip TerrignoOn January 20, 2012TweetPin It Town of Poughkeepsie officials
confirmed at a press conference that three people died in a house fire early
Saturday morning.

Two female Marist College students and one male perished in the fire, which took
place at 112 Fairview avenue.

Town officials did not release the names of the deceased since not all family
members had been notified.

Marist College students lease the rental property where the fire occurred. The
residence is located a little more than a mile away from the Marist College
campus.

"Our police department responded to a 9-1-1 call of a reported working structure
fire at 112 Fairview Avenue at approximately 1:33 [Saturday] morning," Town of
Poughkeepsie Police Chief Tom Mauro said.

The Town of Poughkeepsie Police Department was the lead law enforcement agency
in a joint investigative effort that also included the fire districts of
Fairview, Roosevelt, Hyde Park and Arlington.

"The first arriving unit did try to make an interior attack into the building,"
Fairview Fire Chief Chris Maeder said. "They were forced back by heat and flames
due to the overwhelming involvement of the structure and they had to back out.
We were able to get the fire under control within about 90 minutes of arriving
on the scene."

The cause of the fire has yet to be determined.

Six female Marist College students lease the property, four of which were
present in the home at the time of the fire. In addition to the four residents
of the house, three additional guests were present, totaling seven individuals
that were in the house when the fire occurred.

Of the seven individuals in the home at the time of the fire, four managed to
exit the residence safely.

"We have interviewed four surviving victims of this fire," Mauro said. "Two are
residents of the house, renting the home. Two are their male friends or
boyfriends."

The students conveyed to Town officials that they went to sleep at around 12 or
12:30 a.m. and there was no issue in the home at that time.

"The four survivors were transported to St. Francis Hospital where they were
fortunately treated and released," Morrow said. "They suffered no significant
injuries or burns. They were treated for smoke inhalation and minor injuries."

John Gildard, the Director of Safety and Security at Marist College, said that
no similar incidents involving Marist College students and fatal fires have
occurred in recent years.

The home was demolished early Saturday evening.

"We don't typically knock down buildings after they are involved in a fire,"
Maeder said. "We made the decision in conjunction with the Town and using an
engineer that the structure was not safe."

Many Marist College students rent off-campus residences on Fairview Avenue and
nearby Lake Street.

Melissa Generoso, a Marist College senior and 37 Lake Street resident, was an
eyewitness to the blaze.

"We were in our house about to go to sleep and my friend came into my room and
said, 'I hear broken glass," Generoso said. "We ran to the end of the driveway
and we saw a big cloud of orange smoke. The entire house was on fire."

Vice President and Dean of Student Affairs Deb DiCaprio sent a memorandum out to
Marist College students on Saturday evening that offered counseling services to
any interested students.

The College is also postponing the Men's basketball game on Sunday and the
women's basketball game on Monday night.

Please check www.maristcircle.com for further updates.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                Badger Herald: University of Wisconsin - Madison

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday

Defense critical to Badgers' triumphs

BYLINE: Nick DanielsThe Badger Herald

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 646 words


Winning streaks and the Wisconsin women's hockey team have become synonymous
beings as the Badgers currently tout a six-game unbeaten run.

After two consecutive victories against Bemidji State Saturday and Sunday, 3-2
and 1-0 respectively, the No. 1 Badgers rounded out their record to 24-2-2,
18-2-2 in the WCHA and currently sit atop the conference standings.

In conjunction with Saturday's game, the Kohl Center played host to its third
annual "Fill the Bowl" event, which saw 12,402 fans attend, setting a new NCAA
single-game attendance record. The record-breaking night saw attendance numbers
go up nearly 2,500 from last year's event.

"Seeing shuttle buses driving down from Stadium Bar, seeing people outside the
stadium waiting for tickets, you just knew it was going to be a special
atmosphere when you walked into the rink that night," associate head coach Dan
Koch said at his Monday press conference.

The event itself, which included free attendance for UW students, partnered with
Second Harvest Food Bank to raise one dollar for every ticket purchased. Fans
were also encouraged to bring non-perishable food items for donation. In total,
more than 12,000 dollars were raised for the Madison area food bank.

As the team heads into the final section of their conference schedule, each game
is gaining importance, especially for a Badger team that has lofty expectations
for the approaching postseason.

"[We] are very aware of the support that we get from the community here," Koch
said. "It really helps, you know, give you some energy. If you're feeling a
little tired from the night before or something, it just gives you that boost to
step up and perform again."

Throughout the season, the defense has earned rave reviews, and Saturday night's
shutout win was no exception as the Badgers posted their seventh shutout of the
season.

Koch had nothing but praise for the tremendous depth displayed by this edition
of the team, and said he believes it has played a big part in its success thus
far.

"I don't know if there has been a group as deep," Koch said. "Really, we have
eight defensemen that could step in and play any weekend. I think from top to
bottom it's a very deep group, a very skilled group, and I hope by the end of
the season they get recognized for how strong they are."

As a result, strong defensive play has opened up room for the offense - which
features one of the nation's leading goal scorers in junior Brianna Decker - to
function more effectively as well.

In their current home stand, the Badgers won all four games, scoring 10 goals in
the process, including two games that went into overtime.

The two overtime victories have shown the Badgers' ability to close out close
games - something they struggled with earlier in the season, as they only
managed ties in their two previous overtime appearances.

"It is the message we have been sending to them all year as far as being
competitive consistently and going out each period, each shift, and not worrying
so much about the score but more about effort and competing," Koch said. "Doing
those unselfish things ... becomes very important."

As the Badgers move forward, they will be expected to keep up their impressive
record, as they face off with the bottom-feeders in the WCHA standings.
Wisconsin faces Minnesota State (7-21-0, 3-19-0 WCHA), finishing off a six-game
homestand before hitting the road again against St. Cloud State (5-12-2, 4-18-0
WCHA) the following weekend.

With only six games remaining in the WCHA season, the Badgers now have their
sights set on claiming home advantage throughout the postseason.

"We are hoping to compete for home ice advantage as we continue into the WCHA
playoffs and then into the NCAAs," Koch said. "In the past, we've had great
crowds for those quarterfinal games of the NCAAs. If you bring a team in ...
they just aren't used to seeing crowds like that."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  Independent Collegian: University of Toledo

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Toledo's Eric Page declares for NFL draft

BYLINE: Nate Pentecost

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 820 words


Before the Rockets flight to Washington D.C. for the Military Bowl last month,
Eric Page expressed his intentions to return to UT for his senior season.

However, Toledo's all-time leading receiver hinted at a change of heart
throughout this week on social mediums and today announced he will indeed forego
his final year of eligibility to enter the NFL Draft.

"After the bowl game I came back and sat down with my family," Page said. "We
pondered what I should do for the upcoming year and we talked to some close
friends and decided that entering the NFL Draft would be the best thing for me."

The Springfield High School graduate made clear at the press conference there
will be no reversal in course.

"I think it's 100 percent [certain]," Page said. "Right now I'm looking for an
agent and starting to get this thing on a roll."

The first Rocket in any sport to declare for the draft early, the versatile Page
(WR/KR/PR) is projected as a mid-round pick.

The last Mid-American Conference football player to enter the draft early was
Bowling Green quarterback Omar Jacobs who made the leap in 2006 after compiling
nearly 7,000 passing yards and a school record 71 passing touchdowns in three
seasons. Jacobs was drafted in the fifth round by the Pittsburgh Steelers but
was cut following training camp.

Jacobs was then signed and cut by the Philadelphia Eagles and signed and
relegated to NFL Europe by the Kansas City Chiefs before yet again being cut. He
has since played in American Indoor Football and the Arena Football League where
he is currently a member of the Jacksonville Sharks.

"I think there's always a risk in everything you do," Page said. "You look at
the risks and you look at the benefits and you make an educated decision.

"If you come back for another year there's always a risk of you getting injured.
There's always a risk that you've done everything you need to do in college and
your stock wouldn't really rise that much. I think I had a pretty good bowl game
coming off of a good year and I think that I just wanted to hit the iron while
it was hot."

Page was one of the most vocal players regarding his disappointment with former
head coach Tim Beckman's abrupt departure for the University of Illinois shortly
before the Military Bowl. He insisted, however, that Beckman's bolt to UI and
his subsequent replacement by then Offensive Coordinator Matt Campbell had no
impact on his decision to leave the Rockets.

"I talked to Coach Beckman. I talked to Coach Campbell. Those are two people I
look at as role models for me in my life," Page said. "They gave me the best
advice they could. But no, [Beckman] going to Illinois did not have any
relationship to me leaving.

"No one advised me to go to the NFL. [Coach Beckman and Coach Campbell] told me
they support my decision and they laid out the pros and cons of me going and I
talked with my family and we made a decision."

Page leaves Toledo as one of the most accomplished players in program history.
This season he set school records for both career receptions (306) and
receptions in a season (125) during the Rockets 9-4 campaign.

"I've had a great three years at Toledo," Page said. "Without Toledo I wouldn't
be where I'm at right now."

Page is currently tied with Marshall's Josh Davis and Western Michigan's Jordan
White for the most receptions in MAC history. The three players are just 43
receptions shy of the NCAA mark held by Robert Broyles of Oklahoma.

"There was a good chance I would have broke that record," Page said. "That's a
great honor and he's a great player but I'm not really worried about stats."

Page was named first-team All-MAC at wide receiver, kickoff returner and punt
returner this season, making him just the third player in BCS history to make
first-team all-conference at three positions. He was one of four finalists for
the Paul Hornung Award, given annually to the nation's most versatile player.

There are currently nine former UT players on NFL rosters. Among those are three
wide receivers in Lance Moore of the New Orleans Saints, Andrew Hawkins of the
Cincinnati Bengals and Page's one-time teammate Stephen Williams of the Arizona
Cardinals.

"I've had a lot of help from Andrew Hawkins and Stephen Williams," Page said.
"Those are two great guys that I kind of look at as big brothers and they both
helped me tremendously on this path."

Page stated that he has been able to lean on players from this season's roster
as well.

"They were happy for me," Page said. "I've got nothing but support from
teammates. I haven't had any negative feedback so far."

The next step for Page is preparing for February's NFL Combine. He has yet to
receive an invitation but all indications are that he will.

"My main goal right now is just to make a team," Page said. "If not, I'll come
back to college and finish up. I promised my grandma and my mom that I'd finish
up college and that's something that I'm going to do wherever I'm at."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  Independent Collegian: University of Toledo

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

UT to celebrate unity with MLK event

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 413 words


The 11th Annual Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Unity Celebration will be held at
Savage Arena Monday morning.

The theme of this year's celebration is "Stand!" which is meant to give the
community an opportunity to stand together for a larger cause, according to Bill
Stewart, special assistant to Toledo Mayor Mike Bell.

"It means stand to be heard and stand up for someone else," he said. "The goal
is to create an opportunity for people to come together."

Monday's celebration will feature a performance from the Toledo Interfaith Mass
Choir.

Hari Jones, curator of the African-American Civil War Museum in Washington D.C.,
will be this year's keynote speaker.

Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur, Toledo Mayor Mike Bell and UT President Lloyd Jacobs
will also speak at the event.

The presentation of the second-annual Unity Award, which recognizes a community
member who was involved in the greater Toledo community, will also be part of
the event.

Stewart organized the celebration with his committee co-chair Shanda Gore, UT
associate vice president of equity, diversity and community engagement, along
with the Board of Community Inc.

In conjunction with Monday's celebration, the University of Toledo scheduled a
series of events for Unity Week, which began yesterday.

Events scheduled for Unity Week include the Unity Vigil tonight at 5 p.m. in the
Student Union Building's T-Section.

Bell and Jacobs came together to kick-off the week with a press conference
yesterday at Driscoll Alumni Center.

"We invite everyone to be a part of the celebration," Jacobs said. "The spirit
of Dr. Martin Luther King is still alive. By his set of principals, the world is
being made a better place."

Jacobs said he is proud of Bell, who has been consistent with uniting the city.

Bell said unity should be celebrated every day, not just once a year.

"Instead of just talking the talk, this event takes action," he said. "We tend
to forget how well off we are."

Bell said he hopes people who attend the unity celebration will leave
"uplifted."

The event is free and open to the public but attendees are asked to donate a
canned food item.

The donations will help benefit the MLK Kitchen, located on Vance Street near
Downtown Toledo.

"The reason for the canned food drive is to give back to the community,
especially those in need," said Linda Alvarado, executive director of the Board
of Community Relations. "It's about appreciating who Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
was and remembering who he was and what he stood for."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  Independent Collegian: University of Toledo

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Campbell will move Toledo forward

BYLINE: Joe Mehling

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 374 words


The 2011 season began with a giant expectations and a team full of talent and
swagger.

The 2011 season ended in turmoil and confusion.

However, despite Tim Beckman's premature departure from the Rocket football team
in December, the team used that talent and swagger to achieve something that
Beckman never could, win a bowl game.

The team fought valiantly for new head coach Matt Campbell in the 42-41 Military
bowl victory and the Rocket faithful should expect more of that come next
season.

From the second Beckman told his former players about his decision to join the
University of Illinois, players wanted one guy and only one guy to take them
forward into next season and that was Matt Campbell.

"Everybody wanted Coach Campbell," said junior defensive end T.J. Fatinikun. "We
all believe in Coach Campbell. He's a player's coach and someone we all can
relate to."

Just 32-years old, Campbell has had an overwhelming amount of success at the
collegiate level, on and off the field. He has been apart of five national
championships while at Mount Union, so I would say he knows what it takes to
win.

At his introductory press conference, Campbell stood tall at the podium with his
family at his side and spoke with confidence and intensity, even sometimes
pointing his finger towards his audience.

The Rockets have been talented for many years, they have the right personnel,
they need someone to point fingers at them, gather that intensity and put it on
the field play in and play out. I believe they found that someone in Matt
Campbell.

His task won't be easy.

University of Toledo Athletic Director Mike O'Brien announced yesterday UT will
host Cincinnati for their final non-conference game next season to go along with
trips to Arizona and Wyoming before their home opener with Coastal Carolina.

Campbell loses a senior class full of vocal leaders and will need to help the
juniors into those leadership roles.

The former offensive coordinator has said that not much will change on the
offensive side but he must bring some intensity to a defense that showed
weakness throughout the season.

Once again the Rockets will come into 2012 talented on paper, but it is
Campbell's job to turn them into champions, something Beckman could never
accomplish.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Princetonian: Princeton University

                            January 13, 2012 Friday

He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named seizes Hufflepuff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 454 words


Following the recent break-in at the Ministry of Magic, the forces of the Dark
Lord moved into Princeton Township, using their curses to hex, pillage and
murder any foolish civilian that stood in their way.

Hogwarts students, however, didn't seem to care. "It really doesn't affect us
directly here at the school," fifth-year student Fergie Furmplekin said. "I
mean, the Township is only the very bottom part of campus, so it's not like it
affects anyone much."

The border of the Township overlaps with the southern part of Hufflepuff House,
according to people who actually care about these things.

"Hufflepuffs have a good Sunday brunch," third-year Ashley Pendragon said when
pressed about her thoughts on the lost House. "Sorry, I don't have a broom, so I
don't go there very often."

In an exclusive interview with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, the Dark Lord expressed
his amazement at the simplicity of the takeover.

"I expected more resistance from students and administrators," he said. "They
just didn't seem to care about anything that wasn't directly related to their
next assignment. Now please excuse me; I have to pillage."

Voldemort's group set fire to the House and slowly watched it and its
inhabitants burn to the ground. The few students who made the trek from upper
campus to defend the territory dropped their weapons and blankly stared at the
flames for a long time.

"We have more important things to be worried about," said second-year Zebulon
Zebingo in justification of his apathy during Hufflepuff's burning. "I mean,
it's exam period and I still have to write eight more inches for my Arithmancy
class!"

Some student groups, however, began campaigns to raise awareness of the issues.
Some of them even went as far as to put up posters.

"Just because we're students paying $50,000 to go to the most exclusive college
on the East Coast where our rooms are heated and our food is gourmet and we
spend our days learning from the leading minds of our generation, doesn't mean
that we shouldn't be concerned about the plight of those who are less advantaged
than we are," Alexa Agnew, president of Turgidity For America. "It's our
responsibility as students, nay, as humans, to, um, get our hands dirty."

At this point, Agnew was forced to cut the interview short to remove excess lint
from her Barbour jacket.

After the events, Headmistress Shirley Tilghman held a press conference in front
of Nassau Hall. "We are very disappointed to hear that our own Hufflepuff House
was overtaken by Voldemort and his army," she said. "Please stand back. I shall
establish a task force to solve the problem!" she added with a flick of her
wrist.

This article is part of The Daily Princetonian's annual joke issue. Never trust
the news.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                        The Athenaeum: Acadia University

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

MOU deemed less than "excellence" and less than "partnership"

BYLINE: Vanessa Gallant, Editor in Chief

SECTION: CATEGORIES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 602 words


The Nova Scotia Minister for Advanced Education announced January 5 that a
Memorandum of Understanding, titled "Excellence Through Partnership" has been
made between the Nova Scotia government and the presidents of the eleven Nova
Scotia universities. The Memorandum included a 3% reduction to the universities'
operating grant, a 3% tuition cap for most students next year, and the creation
of a 25 million dollar "Excellence and Innovation" program.

The latter is one of the biggest changes from previous years, and one of the
most criticized elements of this agreement so far - the goal of which is to
encourage universities towards sustainability over the next three years. It is a
$25 million fund, and universities must submit a business proposal as individual
institutions or as part of a joint proposal with another institution.

Acadia President Ray Ivany admitted that the 3% reduction to the universities'
operating grant is a concern for Acadia, as it is for all Nova Scotia
universities. He also assured me that Acadia is already in the process of
developing several ideas for proposals towards the Innovation Fund.

"The MOU itself - I am reasonably optimistic about it. It lays out a three year
plan for the universities and the government to work together. There are new
funding formulas within the MOU, there is a $25 million innovation fund that
institutions or groups of institutions can apply for. It's a bit of a mixed bag;
year after year funding challenges are significant but the process that has been
set in motion is positive."

Student organizations in the province were not as optimistic, however, with the
Alliance of Nova Scotia Student Associations notably criticizing the Memorandum
through several press releases and their extensive blog post, titled "There is
nothing for you in the MOU, students." In a follow up press release, ANSSA
alleges that NS Minister of Advanced Education, Marilyn More, promised ANSSA a
three percent cap on tuition for this year and "subsequent years".

During the press conference in which the MOU was announced, More admitted that
while the 3% cap will remain for the 2012/2013 year, they cannot promise it will
remain, but that universities would be advised of any changes by the December
prior to the fiscal year. The Memorandum of Understanding itself is applicable
until 2015, with the possibility of changes being made prior to that date.

Another point of controversy seems to be surrounding the fact that the
Memorandum of Understanding deliberately excludes international students, as
well as students studying Professional Studies such as Law, Medicine and
Dentistry from the 3% tuition increase cap.
Overall, the Memorandum is getting a negative reaction from students, ranging
from bitter acceptance to outspoken feelings of betrayal. ANSSA Chair and ASU
Vice President Academic Kyle Power was quoted in the press release, "We are
asking the Minister to show us her plan to keep tuition at or below the national
average. Nothing we have seen suggests that she is serious about keeping this
commitment to Nova Scotians who are depending on her honesty and leadership."

In the same release, ANSSA cites several reasons for this position, including
the lack of regulation on the tuition of the professional studies programs,
graduate tuition fees in Nova Scotia remaining higher than the national average,
and a call for a more specific commitment to keeping tuition in Nova Scotia
lower than the national average.

Share your thoughts on this agreement via online comments, Twitter (@athonline),
Facebook (Facebook.com/TheAthenaeum) or email (eic@acadiau.ca).

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                       The Criterion: Mesa State College

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday

CMU hires former Kearney OC Martin as head coach

BYLINE: Max Freter

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 317 words


On Jan. 15, CMU named Russ Martin as head football coach. Martin will look to
improve the Maverick squad after a 4-7 record led to the resignation of former
coach Joe Ramunno.

Ramunno spent 14 years with the program and compiled a career record of 80-77
and led the Mavericks to the NCAA postseason three times. Shortly after his
resignation, the Colorado Mesa University athletic department began a search
committee to find the next head coach to run the program and restore the
tradition of success on the field. Over 60 candidates showed interest in the job
during the search period and after two months, a new coach was finally named.
Martin, formerly the offensive coordinator for conference rival
Nebraska-Kearney, was hired and immediately instated on January 15th. During his
inaugural press conference, Martin expressed his gratitude and excitement to
begin his career here at CMU.

"It's truly an honor and a privilege to be here," Martin said. "This is an
opportunity and a challenge at the same time."

Martin comes to Grand Junction with an impressive football pedigree. Before
running a nationally ranked offense at Nebraska-Kearney, Martin spent time in
the NAIA division coaching at Black Hills State University and Bethany College,
where he earned the title of Offensive Coordinator of the Year by American
Football Quarterly-NAIA in 1995. He also spent a brief period of time at Baylor
University as a defensive end coach.

When asked about his expectations for the program, Martin left no doubt in the
potential he and his coaching staff see for success.

"I believe that we can compete for the RMAC championship, and I believe that
this is a situation where we can compete nationally," Martin said. "We don't
want it to be a long rebuilding process. We want it to be a fast learning curve,
and it's going to be a major challenge for them as far as new terminology, but
the expectations are high."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Brock Press: Brock University

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Norovirus catches student journalists off guard

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 529 words


What began as an average Canadian University Press conference in Victoria, BC
soon became the site of a significant amount of projectile vomit, and other
gastrointestinal-related symptoms.

The conference, named NASH 74, brought together student journalists from
universities across Canada. Approximately 360 students wined and dined in the
Harbour Towers Hotel in Victoria, BC with famous journalists and celebrities as
key note speakers.

On the third night of the event, mid-way through the keynote speaker - Chris
Jones of Esquire and ESPN - some students began feeling ill. At first, many
blamed drinking in excess as the cause but, soon numerous Twitter reports of ill
students confirmed a more viral cause. Paramedics and Vancouver Island Health
Authourity quickly came to asses the situation.

Twitter updates have kept many of the attending student journalists readily
updated on the situation as it happened. Andy Veilleux, of Memorial University
of St. Johns Newfoundland, was the first to report on the event from within the
hotel. Veillleux reported on Twitter of over 150 students falling ill since the
original incidence - almost half of all that attended.

The event quickly gained the trending titles of #norwalkingdead or #archipukeago
- a pun on the original title of the conference - archipelago. Within hours of
the outbreak, student journalists reported on the situation and the next day
national news sources picked up the story and ran with it using terms such as
"outbreak" and even "epidemic".

Once the widespread illness was confirmed, many infected were asked to stay at
the hotel until they felt better. WestJet and AirCanada waived rescheduling fees
for students who needed to stay in Victoria - while some still paid the
difference in flight costs - and the hosting hotel offered complimentary rooms
to healthy individuals to prevent the spread of the disease.

Although unconfirmed, the widely accepted diagnoses of the illness was
norovirus, A.K.A. Norwalk or the stomach flu. Affected individuals experienced
vomiting and diarrhea-like symptoms for 12 hours to up to three days.

Chief Medical Health Office for the Vancouver Island Health Authourity, Richard
Stanwick comented on the virus.

"The norovirus is a very common infection that hits the public generally in the
winter time," he said. "In healthy adults it is a relatively self-limiting
disease. You end up with some pretty significant vomitting and often diarrhea
that last 24 to 48 hours - after which people bounce back. It's a pretty
miserable virus, but pretty self-limiting.

"People need to appreciate that norovirus, when given the opportunity, can
spread very rapidly," he said. "Probably one of the best examples would be
outbreaks on cruise ships, which can cause ships to go on lock-down."

A tweet from student journalists being asked by their school to refrain from
attending class surfaced. However, this may be an "over-cautious approach," said
Stanwick,

"If there is a day care on site, that virus will [likely] be in and out of that
campus all winter long."

The virus is much more dangerous in a hospital, not as much for young healthy
adults.

"Enjoy your good health," said Stanwick.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                       The Criterion: Mesa State College

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

These Uggs are made for walking: Brady's ego bothers football fans

BYLINE: Hannah Rutt

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 410 words


A few weeks ago, ESPN released a survey of the most popular athletes of 2011.
Not surprisingly, Tim Tebow topped the list, followed by Kobe Bryant, Aaron
Rodgers, Peyton Manning, and surprisingly, Tom Brady.

Who in their right mind thinks that Brady is that spectacular? He's an NFL
quarterback who wears Ugg boots.

No man should ever wear Ugg boots.

To make matters worse, he had his jeans tucked into them. That is alarming. Why
is a professional athlete wearing Ugg boots?

Besides his fashion sense, Brady is smug. He thinks so very highly of himself
and likes to put down his opposition. In press conferences, he likes to swing
his man-bangs and answer questions in his New England attitude, a move I'm sure
his supermodel wife Giselle taught him.

When Brady isn't whining and complaining about how much attention he's not
getting, he's taking credit for all the glory his team does get. It has nothing
to do with his offensive line that gives him eight seconds in the pocket to
throw the ball. It surely can't be the freak that is the Patriot's tight end Rob
Gronkowski who catches Brady's throws with his freakishly large wingspan and
hands. Yet you never hear the offensive line or Gronkowski asking the media why
no one cares about the Patriots. That's all Brady.

Another annoying quality of Brady is that he plays for New England, which is
coached by Bill Belichick, a rat of a person. Every Sunday, Belichick stands in
his cut off hoodie, with his white sleeves rolled up, every vein in his neck
bulging out. When he's not standing there in rags, he's getting his coaching
staff to record practices of other teams.

I'll be the first to admit that Brady is a phenomenal athlete. His skills have
propelled him to the top of the NFL, and he holds a number of records. However,
when Brady was learning how to throw the perfect spiral, his coach forgot to
teach him some humility. There's nothing wrong with athletes being humble. In
fact, every other athlete in the poll is more humble than Brady, which could
explain why these athletes are more popular. It gets old listening to a
quarterback whine about not getting enough media coverage.

All eyes will be on Brady and the Patriots as they take on the New York Giants
in the Super Bowl. It should come as no surprise that I'll be watching the game
only for the commercials, which are getting worse and worse every year. I can
think of 31 other teams I'd rather root for than the Patriots, starting with the
Giants.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Temple News: Temple University

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday

Owls upset the No. 3/5 Duke Blue Devils

BYLINE: Connor Showalter

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 739 words


LESLIE FRAZIER TTN Junior guard Khalif Wyatt drives in the lane against a Duke
defender in the win on Wednesday.

For the first time in more than 15 years the Owls defeated the Atlantic Coast
Conference Duke Blue Devils, who entered Wednesday's game in Philadelphia with a
12-1 overall record and a No. 3/5 ranking. The Owls won 78-73 and the team was
led by junior guard Khalif Wyatt's game-high 22 points.

The Owls' fans rushed the court after the upset win against the Blue Devils.
Fans from both teams made up the third-largest crowd ever to attend a college
basketball game at the Wells Fargo Center (20,420).

 "It's an incredible basketball program and for us to come out on top tonight is
very, very nice for a lot of people," coach Fran Dunphy said. "There are a lot
of Temple folks and Philadelphians and certainly our team and our program- we're
thrilled to be standing here as winners tonight."

Statistics that can traditionally determine a game's outcome were minor details
in the Owls' win.

Temple made Duke turn the ball over 16 times, while recording 17 turnovers
themselves. Meanwhile the Owls recorded three additional rebounds than the Blue
Devils.

At the post-game press conference both coaches discussed how this game was
decided by two intangibles: experience and courage.

The Owls were deemed winners of both categories.

Temple's backcourt of guards, seniors Juan Fernandez and Ramone Moore, along
with Wyatt, knew they had to handle the grunt of the offense. And they did,
scoring a combined 37 points with a total of 13 assists.

In comparison, the Blue Devils' backcourt featured junior guard Seth Curry,
sophomore guard Tyler Thornton and freshman guard Austin Rivers, who leads the
team in scoring on the season (15.4 ppg.). The Duke trio combined for 23 points
and a total of five assists.

Wyatt displayed courage for the Owls with his ability to take shots when they
mattered most, just like his game-winning three pointer against Delaware last
Friday.

"We always want to start quick but today we emphasized it," Wyatt said, who
scored six points in the first five minutes of the game. "We came out quick and
just played solid the whole game."

The Owls battled with the Blue Devils throughout the first half to take a
two-point lead, 35-33 at the half.

In the second half, the Blue Devils, known as a streaky shooting team, according
to Dunphy, were able to cut a 10-point Owls' lead at 55-45 down to four in about
two minutes. With the score at 56-52 with seven and a half minutes remaining in
the game, the Blue Devils looked to deflate the home crowd's roaring cheers.

Brothers and forwards senior Miles Plumlee and junior Mason Plumlee led the Blue
Devils' offense, combining for 33 points on 15-of-24 (.625) shooting with most
of their points coming in the paint. The Plumlees also combined for 16 rebounds
and five blocks.

Despite being out-sized in the frontcourt, Moore said the Owls just had to stick
to the game plan.

"We carried out what Coach Dunphy emphasized and we managed the game," Moore
said. "We're used to this, missing two starters and there's no excuses and it
starts with us three: Khalif (Wyatt), myself and Juan (Fernandez).

The Owls maintained at least a four-point lead until five minutes remained in
the game when Miles Plumlee's free throw cut the lead to three. But the Owls,
led by two consecutive three pointers from Wyatt, went on an 8-0 run and held
off the visitors until the final buzzer.

"He's got huge courage," Dunphy said of Wyatt. "He just has no fear. I think
that's what you need in a game like this. He made those two three's and gave us
a little bit of space, and he can do that."

Coach Mike Krzyewski, who previously guided his team to 14 straight victories
against unranked opponents, said the Owl's defense made a difference in the
game.

"Their perimeter really controls the tempo of the game with such a veteran
perimeter," Krzyewski said. "We obviously didn't play very well, but that
doesn't take away from how well they played. They played really well."

Temple won its final non-conference game of the year, besides a scheduled
meeting with Maryland for Jan. 21 at the Palestra, before it hosts Dayton (11-4)
at 4 p.m. on Saturday in the Liacouras Center.

"We just have to take it one game at a time," Moore said. "When Coach Dunphy
walked into the locker room he said, 'Good win, but I'm worrying about Dayton
now.'"

Connor Showalter can be reached at connor.showalter@temple.edu

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Temple News: Temple University

                            January 7, 2012 Saturday

Home streak snapped with loss to Dayton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 532 words


Courtesy Josh Verlin / Senior guard Juan Fernandez had 15 points in the loss
against Dayton on Saturday.

By: Chase Senior and Connor Showalter

The men's basketball team lost its Atlantic Ten Confercence season opener and
saw its 25-game winning streak snapped by the Dayton Flyers (12-4, 2-0 A-10) by
a score of 87-77 at the Liacouras Center on Saturday. The Owls' (10-4, 0-1 A-10)
streak was tied for the sixth-best streak in the nation.

Junior guard Khalif Wyatt scored a career-high 28 points in the loss.  Wyatt
played a big part in the Owls' attempt to comeback as he scored 11 ponts in the
final three minutes.

Coach Fran Dunphy said at the post-game press conference that the game was
broken down into stretches where each team went on runs. Whenever the Owls
looked like they were in control, the Flyers answered back.

The first half featured six ties and six lead changes. The Owls went on an 8-0
run with about six and a half minutes remaining in the first half to take a
28-20 lead. Redshirt-freshman forward Anthony Lee capped the run with a dunk for
one of his two field goals.

Lee got into foul trouble and caused Dunphy to spell him at the 5:30 minute mark
with sophomore guard Aaron Brown.  Brown had five points on the night adding
three assists.

The Flyers went on a 9-1 run to close the first half with five points from their
senior guard Paul Williams during that stretch to tie the game at 31. Williams
finished the game with nine points.

"Each team had their momentum and (Dayton) just took advantage of it," senior
guard Juan Fernandez said. "We were up eight in the first half and we let them
comeback."

Dayton used a balanced scoring attack with five players in double digits,
including four of five starters, redshirt-junior guard Kevin Dillard (16),
junior center Matt Kavanaugh (14), senior forward Luke Fabrizius (13),  and
senior forward Chris Johnson (12).

Flyers' redshirt-senior guard Josh Parker made 16 of the team's 23 bench points,
giving the visitors an advantage against the Owls' bench (seven points).

"Dayton played really well," Dunphy said. "We're going to be under-sized and
there's nothing we can do about it."

In the second half, the Owls went on a 5-0 run to take a lead 49-43 six minutes
into the half. Temple maintained the lead until Dayton went on a 5-0 run of its
own to tie the game at 60 off a three pointer from Fabrizius with 7:30 remaining
in the game.

"(Dayton) was the tougher team in the second half," Wyatt said. "In certain
stretches they just took advantage of their opportunities."

The Flyers seemingly had a swing in the momentum and controlled a lead
throughout the remaining stretch of the game despite Wyatt's attempts to steal
the momentum back during the last three minutes.

"We didn't know how to stop that run and those things happen," Fernandez said.
"You just have to watch film."

Offensively, both teams shot at least 50 percent from the field in the second
half. Redshirt-senior guard Ramone Moore and Fernandez also scored in double
figures with 17 and 15 points respectively.

Temple will hit the road to face Saint Louis (13-3, 1-1 A-10) at 9 p.m. on
Wednesday.

Connor Showalter and Chase Senior can be reached at sports@temple-news.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              The Collegian: California State University - Fresno

                           January 18, 2012 Wednesday

DeRuyter's coaching staff nearly filled

BYLINE: Ben Ingersoll

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 861 words



New head coach Tim DeRuyter announced his first
assistants on Jan. 4. Not shown above is defensive
backs coach Tim McDonald.
Dalton Runberg / The Collegian

New Fresno State head football coach Tim DeRuyter has put together nearly all
his coaching staff puzzle pieces that he hopes will form a picture of future
Mountain West Conference championships.

The initial hires, which were made public on Jan. 4, focused primarily on the
defensive side of the ball, an area the Bulldogs have severely struggled in over
recent seasons. Since 2007, Fresno State hasn't finished better than third in
the Western Athletic Conference in total defense, including sixth during Pat
Hill's final season leading the 'Dogs. DeRuyter was especially optimistic during
the press conference announcement of the potential of his initial understudies.

"You're going to find out we've got great breadth of experience, great men of
character, guys that I know personally, have known for a long, long time,"
DeRuyter said. "Some of them, most of them, but guys that are going to come
really attack this job with passion."

DeRuyter handpicked his inaugural staff members from various institutions across
the college football landscape, and even a local product that has made a name
for himself on both the professional and high school levels.

Leading the offensive side of the ball will be Dave Schramm, the former running
backs, quarterbacks and tight ends coach at Pac-12 competitor Utah. Schramm, who
will double as the Bulldogs' quarterbacks coach, was described by DeRuyter as
running a fast-paced attack as well as assisting in recruiting duties.

"I didn't think we could get a Dave Schramm when he's at a BCS school, but I
reached out to him and laid out our vision, and you're going to see a guy who's
unbelievable on the field, demands from his players, recruits his tail off,"
DeRuyter said. "He's a great one."

Joining Schramm on offense as an assistant is Phil Earley, who is expected to
head up most of the recruiting coordination, but three assistants remain to be
filled on that side of the ball. Reports have surfaced that the positions are
filled, but official notification has yet to come from the athletics department.

DeRuyter, who has an extensive defensive background including 16 years as a
coordinator, two of which were at Texas A&M, moved quickly to fill out the
vacancies to lead the struggling unit.

The most familiar name of the four defensive assistants is local football legend
Tim McDonald. A former NCAA All-American safety and 13-year NFL veteran,
McDonald is taking over the defensive secondary, a unit that ranked
second-to-last in the Western Athletic Conference this past season. Although
reluctant at first, McDonald decided to jump ship from coaching Edison High
School and join DeRuyter in Fresno State's first season with a new head coach
since 1996.

"Tim and I had some discussions, but it was a tough decision for him," DeRuyter
said. "He loves what he's doing. I had to do a lot of arm-twisting to get him to
come here, but laid out a vision of how important he'd be to our staff and I
think he loves this community and wants to be a part of Fresno State."

Joining McDonald on defense will be Nick Toth, DeRuyter's linebackers coach
during his tenure at Texas A&M, as well as Pete Germano from Ohio University and
Jordan Peterson, a defensive back for the Aggies from 2006 to 2009.

Although DeRuyter assembled the crew in what he described as "a crazy couple of
weeks," the final pieces fell into place just minutes before the first-year
coach took the podium for official announcements.

"We're still going to hire three more offensive assistants but these guys are
fired up, ready to go," DeRuyter said. "They totally believe in the philosophy
of where we're going and our going to do great by our kids."

Recruiting update

With the coaching staff hires nearly complete, DeRuyter has been using a good
chunk of his first month at the helm nailing down recruiting as National Signing
Day looms on Feb. 1.

With the recruiting experience from Schramm and Earley, DeRuyter stressed
bringing in the right players, not necessarily honoring all 21 available
scholarships immediately.

"We may not sign all 21 scholarships, which is what I think we have available
right now on Feb. 1," DeRuyter said. "I would much rather make a one-year
mistake and face that guy four years than make a five-year mistake with a guy
who's not the right fit."

DeRuyter said he was in the process of reviewing film in an effort to see what
areas should be addressed immediately. While not offering specifics on targeted
players, he said that he is looking for players that "attack with speed."

Fresno State has seen some of the premier high school athletes from the Central
Section commit to schools other than Fresno State, sometimes intraconference
rivals. With an added emphasis to keep Valley recruits near home, DeRuyter plans
to lean heavily on his newly assembled staff.

"When you get guys on our staff, with their connections, in the Valley, Dave's
recruited up and down the coast, Tim being right here, we're really hoping to
capitalize on their experience and their connections," DeRuyter said.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Kentucky Kernel: University of Kentucky

                           January 14, 2012 Saturday

Cats are learning through road wins

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 471 words


They've been the backbone of this UK team in the past, and they will be in the
future, and they were on Saturday.

In a 65-62 win at Tennessee, Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist toppled
the Volunteers with 35 points and 20 rebounds combined.

In crunch time, it was not a road-tested veteran who took over the game. It was
that freshman pair, scoring 13 of UK's last 18 points, who got it done.

Even better for UK, they're learning, and it's showing.

Late in the game, Davis got the ball on the left block. He posted up - something
he rarely does - and gave a quick shoulder fake before rising up for a baby
hook.

"I definitely developed that," Davis said. "Work on it every day with coaches."

It was a shot he couldn't have made before he got to UK.

"That shot he made, in that situation, first time in his life," Calipari said.
"He hadn't made a shot like that in high school."

Another play: Doron Lamb threw a lob Davis' way, but it was too far away from
the basket for Davis to finish it in one leap. Instead, he caught the ball while
twirling, came down, and sprung back up.

The play combined his freakish freakishness with a learned knowledge of how to
handle the situation. Calipari said on Friday Davis was coming along faster than
he expected; Davis' thoughtful play was an example of that notion.

"What would he do in other games?" Calipari said. "Dunk it anyway. So he's
learned."

Kidd-Gilchrist, meanwhile, learned to fearlessly take a shot. With 4:55 to play
and UK up one, Kidd-Gilchrist got the ball behind the arc with space in front of
him. He's a 32 percent 3-pointer shooter on the season and had missed 3 of 10
shots up to that point.

"I bet he didn't know he had missed a few shots before he shot that three,"
Calipari said. "All he knew was, that ball was going down."

Kidd-Gilchrist let it go, and that ball went down.

"He trusts me, so that's one thing," Kidd-Gilchrist said, referring to his
coach.

Sitting beside him at the post-game press conference, Calipari was quick to jump
in: "I would have been mad if he didn't shoot it."

There's not much to be mad at when it comes to Kidd-Gilchrist and Davis. The
pair carried UK to another conference win, its second on the road in the span of
a week, matching last year's total.

In the process, the Cats are learning about themselves, too. UK entered halftime
after 3:45 of terrible basketball - zero made shots, a technical foul on
Calipari - that followed its first lead of the game. In the locker room, players
reminded each other that "we didn't come all the way down here to lose this
game," Davis said.

That meets the requirements of Calipari's favorite attribute, the "will to win."
Find a way to make a play.

"Winning basketball games," Calipari said of Kidd-Gilchrist, "happens because of
guys like this."

Follow @KernelASmith
or email him at asmith@kykernel.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              Daily Bruin: University of California - Los Angeles

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow's convictions make him role model material
regardless of faith

BYLINE: Ryan Eshoff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 649 words


The original, snarky opening line of this column was going to be: "As a sports
columnist, I'm obligated to write about Tim Tebow."It didn't take long to
realize, though, that writing about Tebow was not an act of obligation but of
inspiration.Everybody seems to have weighed in on the Denver Broncos'
quarterback, who has done some incredible things on the football field while
exhibiting a vigorously overt Christian spirituality.Among other accomplishments
on the gridiron, Tebow has proven himself to be a master of "The Option" "" an
offensive system that necessitates elite athleticism and decision-making skills
on the part of the quarterback. The Option is a running offense that often puts
quarterbacks, like Tebow, directly in harm's way. And that's just the
beginning.The real point of discussion about Tebow is his religion "" the man's
genuineness when it comes to spirituality has been debated to the point of
ridiculousness.It's an issue that's especially poignant for me, because I happen
to believe in the same i-person God "" Father/Son/Spirit, or GM/Coach/Offensive
Coordinator, if you will "" that Tebow does. So does Johnathan Franklin."He's a
role model to believers and non-believers," said the UCLA running back, one of
the football team's more openly Christian athletes.

"It takes a lot of faith to do what he has."I've watched a LOT of Tebow footage,
whether it be highlight reels or press conference soundbites. The idea that a
spiritual force is intervening to help him break tackles or complete passes is
silly, but the thing about Tebow is that he's operating with an unreal amount of
poise and confidence that stems from his faith.What makes the man so endearing
is that he's been the same way at every level of exposure. I believe that the
guy you see in the NFL is the same guy you would've seen had you attended his
Pop Warner games. That's one of the most inspiring things about Tebow to me:
It'd be a lot easier to share my faith in this column space if it was just my
mom and girlfriend reading (which might be the case anyway, it usually is).But
the more intense the microscope, the more epidation is involved in living out
your beliefs, especially when it comes to religion."(Tebow's) allowing God to
use him as an example, on that platform," Franklin said. "The way he's been able
to resist temptations and remain steadfast in his beliefs is just evidence of
how God's doing something great with him."What can't get lost in this is that
Tebow's actions aren't just inspirational for the Christian community that
Franklin and I belong to. The fact that a professional athlete playing the most
important position in sports remains so convicted in his beliefs should be
encouraging to anybody who feels songly about anything. Look at UCLA's own
history; arguably the most famous Bruin of all time "" Lew Alcindor "" changed
his name to Kareem Abdul-Jabbar to reflect his Islamic faith."Guys like Tebow
don't come along very often," Franklin said. "It's very encouraging for a guy
like me to see that he's capable of living out his faith in a professional
sports environment."This isn't to say that living out your faith and your
beliefs should be based on a desire to mimic the actions of others. But a guy
like Tebow just has such an infectious and healthy confidence that he inspires
people like me and Johnathan Franklin. I understand that it's easier for us to
be drawn to Tebow because we share similar beliefs, but I don't think that the
lessons learned from his stance and character are exclusive to Christianity. Or
football.Regardless of what he does on the football field for the rest of his
career, Tebow should remain a role model. Some have chosen to deride his
openness, but we also have the choice to embrace it, to apply it.That's the
option I'm running with.If you found yourself rooting for the Broncos, email
Eshoff at reshoff@media.ucla.edu

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              Daily Bruin: University of California - Los Angeles

                           January 28, 2012 Saturday

Seniors lead UCLA basketball in stepping up to beat Colorado

BYLINE: Sam Strong

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 491 words


In a 77-60 win over Colorado at the Sports Arena, UCLA's duo of senior point
guards looked like senior point guards. It's no coincidence that what could have
been the Bruins' best win of the season was paired with 17 assists between
Lazeric Jones and Jerime Anderson. As a team, the Bruins' 26 assists were the
most in a game since 2006 when the likes of Darren Collison and Arron Afflalo
were dishing the ball. With Jones conibuting nine and Anderson eight, sophomore
Tyler Lamb wasn't going to be undone and added six of his own.

After the game, coach Ben Howland raved about his team's ability to share the
ball."I thought we were making the exa pass," Howland said. "It's fun to watch.
That's how basketball is meant to be played."True to form, Howland wasn't wholly
satisfied."We could have had 30 assists but we missed some gimmes," he said.He
wasn't the only one. Jones "" who has started to take fewer shots over the past
two games in favor of finding an open teammate "" pored over the stat sheet
during the post-game press conference. "I had four turnovers," he said when
prompted for what stood out to him. "That's not good at all. Nine assists looked
good until I saw four turnovers. I can't do that. I have to take better care of
the ball."Nonetheless, UCLA secured another Pac-12 homestand sweep with two
blowout wins this weekend. The real challenge will be winning on the road in
Washington next weekend as the Bruins have not won a game outside of Southern
California all year. The team will have a rare two-day break before returning to
practice Tuesday.

Brown shut downColorado senior guard Carlon Brown led the Buffs in scoring
coming into Saturday's contest with 13.4 points per game. Howland charged Lamb
with the task of guarding Brown and Lamb accepted the challenge as he's done all
season. Brown finished with just six points and Howland was quick to point out
that two of those points came while Lamb was on the bench. "I've known (Brown)
ever since I was in middle school," Lamb said of the pair's Inland Empire
upbringing. "I've known what he's capable of. He's a very good player. I knew I
was going to have to stop him."

Home sweet homeThe "home" crowd of 9,253 at the Bruins' temporary downtown venue
was the largest this season. Both Howland and his players credited the crowd for
conibuting to the win."Our fans came out and supported us and we fed off it a
little bit," Jones said. "They helped us today. It was really great."

The one that got awayColorado freshman guard Spencer Dinwiddie conibuted nine
points in the loss Saturday. Dinwiddie went to Taft High in Woodland Hills but
was not recruited heavily by Howland and his staff, something the ninth-year
coach said he regrets. "He's going to be a great player," Howland said. "That
was a huge mistake on my part. Watching him, I'm kicking myself. He comes from a
great family. You make some mistakes sometimes in recruiting and that was a
definite mistake."

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 348 DOCUMENTS


            The Alestle: Southern Illinois University - Edwardsville

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Victim of fatal FAMU band hazing attack was gay

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 729 words


ORLANDO, Fla. - Florida A&M University drum major RobertChampion was gay, which
may have been one reason why he was beatenso severely during a hazing attack in
Orlando last semester, theChampion family's attorney said Tuesday.

Attorney Christopher Chestnut, speaking at a news conferencewith Champion's
parents in Orlando, said the parents came forwardto discuss their son's
sexuality because rumors had been swirlingthat the 26-year-old student was hazed
specifically because of his"alternative lifestyle."

Though Champion's sexual orientation may have been a factor,Chestnut said, his
own investigation indicates that it was probablyone of several that caused
students to beat him so violently thathe died.

He insisted, however, that the overriding motivation that likelyled to such a
brutal attack was Champion's outspoken resistance tohazing within FAMU's famed
marching band.

"Our investigation is very clear: this was hazing, not a hatecrime," Chestnut
said during the news conference at the Rosen Plazahotel, where Champion was
found unresponsive on a charter bus Nov.19 after being hazed.

Neither the Orange County Sheriff's Office nor the FloridaDepartment of Law
Enforcement would discuss details of theirinvestigations into Champion's death,
including whether they are  considering the hazing a hate crime.

On Tuesday, Champion's parents, Robert and Pam Champion ofGeorgia, described how
their son had urged fellow band members notto give in to the practice - a
long-standing problem at thehistorically black university in Tallahassee.

The parents and Chestnut think his beatings were meant asretaliation. Champion,
they said, followed the university's rulesthat prohibit hazing. He also
exemplified how a student could besuccessful in the band - he was slated to be
the head drum majornext school year - without submitting to the abuse and
humiliationsome students endure to become part of such a prestigiousgroup.

"Robert was known for being a stickler [for rules]," PamChampion said. "If I
thought about it, Robert was known for beingwhat a true leader should be."

Meanwhile, the attorney for FAMU's longtime band director JulianWhite released a
statement Tuesday saying that if Champion weretargeted because of his sexual
orientation, then White's efforts toroot out hazing could not have prevented
"such deliberatebarbarity."

"Assuming that the assertions of the Champion family and theirattorney Chris
Chestnut are true, then it is entirely possible thatChampion's tragic death was
less about any ritualistic hazing andmore tantamount to a hateful and fully
conscious attempt to battera young man because of his sexual orientation,"
attorney ChuckHobbs wrote.

Tuesday's announcements drew strong reaction from gay-advocacygroups as well.

The Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, Transgender Community Center ofCentral Florida
joined the National Black Justice Coalition to callfor a "complete and thorough
investigation" into the circumstancesof Champion's death.

"Even if his sexual orientation was not the sole factor in thehazing incident,
the fact that it was even a partial factor makesthis a hate crime and we fully
expect the State Attorney to treatit as such," Randy Stephens, executive
director of the communitycenter, said.

On Tuesday, the Champion family also shared some new detailsabout the evening
their son died after the annual Florida Classicfootball game in Orlando between
FAMU and Bethune-CookmanUniversity.

There were about 30 students aboard the charter bus, which wasdark and also was
running when Champion became unconscious,Chestnut said. Other students also were
hazed on the bus.

"Robert was not the only person hit that evening," Chestnutsaid.

Pam Champion said she is in the process of establishing anational hotline to
encourage students and others to report hazingevents.

Chestnut also announced Tuesday that he planned to sue FabulousCoach Lines, the
bus company that transported FAMU's band, fornegligence.

Although the Champions announced weeks ago that they plan to sueFAMU, that
lawsuit will have to wait about six months because theuniversity is a state
institution.

Chestnut said that suing the bus company will give the family anopportunity to
more quickly discover key facts about the nightChampion died. As part of the
legal proceeding, the company andothers would be asked to provide documents and
testimony that couldshed more light on what occurred.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  Independent Collegian: University of Toledo

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Eric Page will enter 2012 NFL Draft

BYLINE: Joe Mehling

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 168 words


University of Toledo wide out Eric Page will forgo his senior season and enter
the NFL draft this April. The NFL Draft advisory board projects him to be a
third-to-fifth round draft pick.

Page is the career leader in yards, receptions and recently tied the
Mid-American Conference record for most receptions in a career.

At Toledo, Page hauled in 306 catches for 3,446 yards and 25 touchdowns to go
along with five touchdowns as a punt and kick returner.

In 2011, Page had 1,184 yards on 125 catches and 10 touchdowns but added one
more touchdown on a kick return for a touchdown in the Military Bowl on Dec
28th.

His departure comes just one month after former UT head coach Tim Beckman left
the program for the head coaching job at the University of Illinois.

"Eric was an outstanding player and role model for Toledo football," Beckman
said. "I wish him the best in the NFL."

Page declined to comment after leaking the story to the Toledo Free Press
yesterday evening.

He will hold a news conference today at Noon.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Men's tennis hopes to shine in home opener, new conference

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 429 words


The men's tennis team is looking forward to a new season and a new conference as
it begins the season at home against in-state foe Weber State.

"Keaton Cullimore [a freshman] had an outstanding fall season and has shown that
he's going to be a force to be reckoned with against anybody," BYU head coach
Brad Pearce said. "We're excited to get going."

[/media-credit]

"Weber State is always a good team and good preparation for the rest of the
season," senior Georgy Batrakov said.

The Cougars are ranked No. 36 in the nation, with three players ranked
nationally - No. 43  Georgy Batrakov, No. 67 freshman Keaton Cullimore and No.
106 sophomore Patrick Kawka.

While the Cougars dominated the Mountain West Conference, going undefeated in
conference play the last two years,  Pearce knows his team faces stiff
competition in the West Coast Conference.

"We have some great challenges ahead of us with moving into the West Coast
Conference," Pearce said. "There's some very strong teams not only at the top,
but I think also throughout the entire conference."

Pearce is confident in his team's ability to succeed in the West Coast
Conference. He said his plan for success is simple.

"We need to continue to do what we've been doing, stay focused on each and every
match and work hard in practice and just continue to prepare the way we've been
doing the last few years that has proven to be successful," Pearce said.

The players, though, are excited about competing in the West Coast Conference
and playing new teams in California.

"It's definitely a new experience because we're going to play different teams we
don't know much about," Batrakov said.

The Cougars had been in the Mountain West Conference for the past 10 years and
junior Spencer Smith said the team is ready for the tough conference.

"There's a lot of good teams in the conference and most of the teams are from
California so we're going to have to go out there and play them at sea-level, so
it's also kind of an adjustment, but I think we have a really good team this
year," Smith said. "We're young, but all our freshmen are really good."

Pearce is also excited about the growing fan base the men's team is gaining and
is hoping for larger crowds at home matches as they continue with tennis's
"festival atmosphere" with free pizza, prizes and halftime entertainment.

"The students and public that have come out and watched our matches have really
been impressed with the level of athleticism and skill our players display,"
Pearce said.

The Cougars face off against Weber State Friday at 5:30 p.m. on the indoor
tennis courts.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Sundance Film Festival offers something for everyone

BYLINE: Alison Moore

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 617 words


While the Sundance Film Festival offers some of the best and most anticipated
films of the year, it's not recommended to venture into any film and hope for
the wholesomeness found in the typical BYU stash of Disney-approved movies.

Films premiered at Sundance are known for pushing boundaries and experimenting
with the comfort level of audiences. This, however, does not mean the festival
should be seen as the devil's playground.

The Sundance Institute provides synopses of premiering films through their
Online Film Guide and Megan Leiker, manager of Utah Community Programs for the
Sundance Institute, has compiled summaries of the films she deemed fit for a
"Cultivating Audiences at a Young Age" list. Here's a summarized version of the
list, highlighting films according to interest.

For the sports fanatic: "The Other Dream Team"

The U.S. Olympic basketball team - aka the Dream Team -w on the gold medal at
the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona, but they weren't the only team defeating
long-time opponents. That same year the newly independent nation of Lithuania
played the underdog, but came out winning the bronze medal and defeating Russia,
their prior oppressor.

The film provides classic inspirational sports movie feelings as it showcases
players not only rising as some of the best players in the '92 Olympic Games,
but also as they overcome the grasp of communism and establish pride and
patriotism in their newly independent country.

For the music lover: "Under African Skies"

This year celebrates the 25th anniversary of Paul Simon's "Graceland," an album
that united cultures through music. However, the album did not come without
controversy. Simon was accused of violating the cultural boycott of South Africa
instituted by the United Nations in an attempt to end apartheid. "Under African
skies" explores both sides of the story, exposing the opinions of anti-apartheid
activists as well as music superstars Quincy Jones, Harry Belafonte, Paul
McCartney and David Byrne.

The film explores both sides of the story, exposing the opinions of
anti-apartheid activists as well as music superstars Quincy Jones, Harry
Belafonte, Paul McCartney and David Byrne.

For the international: "5 Broken Cameras"

Emad Burnat bought his first camera in 2005 in an effort to preserve the memory
of the birth of his fourth son, Gibreel. This camera, and the subsequent other
four, tell a remarkable tale of Palestinian conflict. Burnat shares his story as
a farmer from Bil'in, a village known for choosing nonviolent resistance when
the Israeli army used its land as room for Jewish colonists.

With each broken camera Burnat persists in producing a first-hand experience of
the well known controversy, creating a story which may help outsiders better
understand the complex controversy.

For the environmentalist: "Chasing Ice"

James Balog's story began when "National Geographic" asked, "How can one take a
picture of climate change?" Ice was the answer, and it propelled Balog into what
became the most well-read piece in the magazine in the last five years.

But Balog didn't stop there. "Chasing Ice" is the documentary of Balog's Extreme
Ice Survey, which uses 30 cameras in three continents to display one of the most
compelling visual evidences of Earth's melting ice today.

For the historian: "ETHEL"

This documentary unearths archives of the family life of Ethel and Robert
Kennedy. Releasing personal conversations and never-before-seen images, the film
testifies of the love and integrity of Ethel Kennedy as a mother and wife. As
the film displays Kennedy's personal value system, the question of private
family life and politically public life is explored.

To see the list in its entirety visit sundance.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  UTVS 6 Television: St Cloud State University

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Dangerous downloading

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 277 words


ST. CLOUD, Minn.- Since the Internet went mainstream, illegal file sharing has
been a problem. This issue was highlighted last week, when the Stop Online
Piracy Act and Protect IP Act failed to come up in the vote. The fight to end
Internet piracy rages on, but how are college campuses dealing with the burden
of their servers being used to download copyrighted material?

The Higher Education Opportunity Act has helped by making it a law that campuses
must have a plan in action to address students who download illegally. However,
this hasn't stopped all students from downloading music.

SCSU Student Eric Hapka has received multiple warnings from his internet
provider and doesn't plan to quit downloading anytime soon. "I download probably
100 songs a week", says Hapka. "I still support artists by going to shows and
buying merchandise. I just feel that music is made to share, not to profit
from".

Clearly, Hapka is not the only one who downloads copyrighted music. A study
released by the Institute of Policy Innovation states that downloading music
costs the industry $2 billion in lost wages every year.

St. Cloud State has a strict policy which includes three strikes. Strike one
results in a warning, strike two, probation and strike three, a possible
suspension from the university.

If convicted outside of campus in a civil suit, you may be looking at a fine of
up to $150,000 per song (or piece of copyrighted work).

Fortunately, there are other options to enjoy your favorite tunes that are free
of legal trouble. Services like Pandora and Groove Shark allow users to stream
music free of charge.

For a list of alternatives to file sharing, visit Educause.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Argus: Illinois Wesleyan University

                            January 27, 2012 Friday

J-pop star finds voice on "JAPONESQUE"

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 807 words


Koda Kumi walks a fine line between being trashy and sexy. Either way, she stirs
up a significant amount of controversy via her image.

By Nick Desideri, Staff Writer

According to popular belief, everyone has a doppelganger. For example, my
doppelganger is a German stockbroker. My mom sent me photographic evidence, but,
unfortunately, he's more attractive than I am.

For the famous, this phenomenon is even more pronounced. Take Madonna for
example. Already preoccupied with Lady Gaga constantly trying to sneak into her
closet, she continues to provide an evolving blueprint for artists here and
abroad to imitate.

Koda Kumi is Japan's answer to Madonna. While the singer does not blatantly copy
Madonna's formula, she does encompass the crucial bits: constant image
reinvention, fantastic dancing and a decade-long stream of number one hits in
Japan.

But most essentially, she's sexy for her shock value. While it may seem odd that
a country in which you can buy used panties from vending machines could be
scandalized by Koda in a bikini, the diva has earned her fair share of
controversy.

Though she has had past success, the problem with Koda is that she often loses
the balance between sexy and trashy. Her second most recent album, "Déjàvu"
definitely veered more towards the latter than the former.

From painfully clichéd English lyrics to dated production, "Déjàvu" was a major
misstep. I mean, a single called "Lollipop" featuring the predictable phrase
"Lick my lollipop?" Koda, honey, come on.

But "Déjàvu" containing a lot of filler isn't surprising. Koda's albums have
always possessed their fair share of fat. Making 15- to 20-track albums does not
denote discerning production.

What's remarkable about Koda's newest album, "JAPONESQUE," is that it is
unexpectedly a pleasure to listen to. While this sounds like a backhanded
compliment, Koda finally shows that she can piece together a cohesive
collection.
Although it would be extreme to apply the old pop music adage "all killer, no
filler" here, "JAPONESQUE" offers more hits than misses.

The best part of the album is how confident Koda sounds. Her voice, though not
particularly strong, has a husky tenor perfect for pop music. From her alluring
murmur of "Diamonds/and sapphire/ and you/ oh my!" on James Bond-esque track
"Love Me Back" to the cracking frailty on the gorgeous closer "All for You,"
Koda pulls off her songs unlike any other artist.

Also surprisingly, "JAPONESQUE" strikes a good balance between sexy and smart.
Songs like "ESCALATE" or "V.I.P." are pulsing floor-fillers, but they never feel
cheap.

Koda also rectifies her other Achilles' heel: her pop-rock tracks. In the past,
they've felt forced and inauthentic, but "Boom Boom Boys" and "In the Air" show
that the diva can pull off a convincing rocker's swagger.

All the strengths of "JAPONESQUE" come together to create "Poppin' Cocktail
Love." The track is completely ridiculous, but, somehow, it works. As featured
rapper TEEDA stumbles over lines like "Girl, you looks like horny," Koda
alternates between a faux-rock guitar line and hand-clapped beats.

The fact that Koda's English in the song is limited to phrases like "Whatchu
want" and "Sexy boys, sexy body" only makes the track better. It's completely
unpretentious, it revels in its own ridiculousness and, most importantly, it's
insanely catchy. Even at an unusually long five minutes, I wish it went on
longer.

Despite these strengths, "JAPONESQUE" suffers from its excessive length. At 19
tracks, the album feels needlessly heavy. It is common business practice in
Japan to pack albums with songs, since albums are so expensive, but "JAPONESQUE"
stretches in the middle.

And while Koda overcomes most of her worst habits, some tracks demonstrate how
she hasn't kicked them completely. The album opener, "So Nice," worried me on
first listen with its tuneless moaning and overused harem melody.

Aforementioned "V.I.P." also falls prey to a similar problem. While the single
version was a great pop song, Koda and her team felt it necessary to add a
needless verse by American rapper T-Pain in the middle of the song. Featured
rappers and so-called "sexy R&B beats" are so 2005.

Koda continues to have problems with her mid-tempos, which never seem to go
anywhere. "Everyday" sounds like any American '90s song, and "Slow" meanders for
three minutes without evidence of a hook.

But the worst offender is "No Man's Land," which is the most clichéd pop-rock
song on the album. Surprisingly, Koda butchers the English in the chorus, which
is unusual, since her English is usually flawless.

These issues prevent "JAPONESQUE" from reaching the heights that its best songs
set. But for once Koda has produced a mostly cohesive set of songs, which led to
the best album of her career. Hopefully next time she'll try to deliver more
quality, and less needless quantity.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             The California Aggie: University of California - Davis

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Column: Electoral pessimism

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 706 words


Writing in an era before political correctness, Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels
described unwarranted faith in electoral politics as "parliamentary cretinism."
Stricken by this disease, politicians and their constituents imagine that "the
whole world, its history and its future are directed and determined by a
majority of votes."

Under the influence of this chronic disorder, American citizens seem to lose all
memory and reason, falling for the same confidence games every four years. This
time it will be different, we tell ourselves. This time, elections will bring
about meaningful political and economic change.

So, when Barack Obama announced hope and change, many on the anti-war left
flocked to his banner. And yet, under his tenure, we saw the continuation of
Bush's policies, including the bombing of civilians in Pakistan, Guantanamo
Bay's tenth anniversary and the expansion of indefinite detention.

That is not to say that Mitt Romney would be much better. Just as Kim Kardashian
is famous for being famous, Romney is electable for being perceived as
electable. Nobody likes Romney, sure, but because he's a shameless opportunist
with no scruples, he's clearly the perfect candidate. Of course, then, Romney is
more than willing to mum the war-mongering of his opponent, writing in a Wall
Street Journal editorial that we must "prepare for war" with Iran.

Among the major candidates, only Ron Paul claims that he would stop the
state-sponsored slaughter of people overseas. But even if we believed peace was
in Paul's power, his domestic policies would be almost as disastrous. If
elected, Paul would roll back civil and reproductive rights, cut social spending
and eliminate environmental protections and labor laws.

A recent Pew opinion poll found that 31 percent of Americans have a positive
view of socialism, and yet our only presidential options are a conservative
moderate and a Republican. These candidates represent a very narrow range of the
political spectrum because all of the real decisions have been made long before
the ballots are cast.

Even if there was a genuinely left-wing candidate in the race, their ability to
effect change would be restricted once in office. As President Obama's
marginalized universal healthcare plan shows, the entrenched interests of the
capitalist class will always win over the leftist ambitions of an upstart
politician.

Yet we are already being told by Democrats that we must fight for Obama, that he
is the only thing standing between us and utter ruin.

This is the second stage of the parliamentary disease: If politicians are
all-powerful, holding the salvation or damnation of the country in their hands,
then the people must be helpless at their mercy.

Indeed, this is what most of the election coverage would lead us to believe.
Pundits and newscasters render the American voter as impulsive, petty and
stupid, driven to distraction by the latest gaffe or chain e-mail. If the
American people sat down to have a beer with its favorite candidate, the media
seems to suggest, it would quickly lose the thread of conversation.

The Occupy movement has shown us otherwise. Countless general assemblies
revealed an American public capable of serious debates outside of the logic of
our bipolar party system. Instead of squabbling over horse race minutia,
occupiers asked fundamental questions about inequality and privilege.

Just as importantly, the occupations demonstrated that political action is
possible outside of the voting booth. Through civil disobedience and the
re-appropriation of public space, the Occupy movement changed the terms of
public conversation without the guidance of elected officials.

And, if this movement expands, it will be capable of even more. As Occupy
Oakland's Boots Riley points out, "politicians are controlled by whoever
controls industry. If we want to control the politicians, the people must make a
movement in which we control industry through strikes, shut downs and militant
unions."

Certainly, we should vote. Federal elections are an innocuous enough pastime.
But we cannot let them distract us from the real work of achieving democracy and
social justice.

JORDAN S. CARROLL is a PhD student in English. He can be reached at
jscarroll@ucdavis.edu

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                            January 10, 2012 Tuesday

BYU Baseball Strengthens Team Chemistry as 2012 Season Approaches

BYLINE: Scott Hansen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 468 words


The BYU baseball team has developed a strengthened sense of teamwork and
chemistry amid several changes as it enters the 2012 season.

The Cougars have become a member of the West Coast Conference, completing a trio
of transformations for BYU sports. With the new conference come new opponents
and a tougher schedule, but the players and coaches are excited about their
team's chemistry and talent going forward.

"I'm most excited about our team camaraderie," senior infielder Austin Hall
said. "I've never been on a team as close and as personal as this one. We've got
a group of great talented guys. It makes me really excited."

The transformation to the conference brings new challenges that have the Cougars
face more quality opponents than they have had to play in recent years.

"I think that the quality of the programs from top to bottom in the WCC is even
better than it was in the Mountain West," BYU coach Vance Law said. "Every
program in the WCC is really good. It will be a real good challenge for us. "

The season schedule gives the Cougars an early non-conference test as they face
the preseason No. 8 University of Arkansas on Feb. 28 and 29 in Fayetteville,
Ark. They also play road games against formidable opponents UC-Irvine and
Creighton in early matchups.

"We don't want to think about them being a top-10 team," freshman pitcher
Cameron Keysor said. "We just think about it being another game, and do what we
need to do."

The Cougars welcome a multitude of new players to the roster, including 10
freshmen and two junior college transfers. Among them are pitchers Mason
Marshall, Matt Milke and Keysor, who all pitched well during the Dominican
Republic Tour in late November.

"One of the biggest surprises we had was Cameron Keysor," Law said. "He really
dominated in the fall, and pitched well in the Dominican Republic. Matt Milke
pitched a solid four innings, and Mason Marshall is capable of throwing all of
his pitches for strikes at any time."

Returning as captains for the Cougars are junior pitcher Chris Capper, senior
catchers Alex Wolfe and Wes Guenther, and senior infielder Austin Hall. Also
returning are several sophomores who were awarded freshman all-America honors
last year, such as outfielder Jaycob Brugman, and pitchers Desmond Poulson and
Marc Oslund.

"The mixture of our veteran and younger players is really good this year," Law
said. "We have a couple of sophomores and juniors that I look to have big years
also, so I think our mix is really good."

The team's depth at almost every position is a reason for optimism as the
Cougars enter the new season.

"Games are won and lost at the mound," he said. "I'd say overall, the depth of
our pitching staff is really solid."

BYU opens the season on Feb. 17 at UC-Riverside, and their home season opener is
March 17 against Seattle.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              The Pan American: University of Texas - Pan American

                           January 18, 2012 Wednesday

This one time, at Pep Band

BYLINE: Lea Victoria Juarez

SECTION: ARTS-AND-LIFE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 665 words


By: Lea Victoria Juarez

They toot their horns, bang drums and make the opposing teams wish they had
never crossed over into Bronc Territory. The UTPA Pep Band is armed with
instruments and ready for game time.

The Pep Band ensemble has been a part of the UTPA music program for six years.
It is one of 19 ensembles offered to all the university students regardless of
major. With a current membership of about 25, the Pep Band uses instruments and
comical antics to liven up Bronc basketball games.

"To be in the band you need to play your instrument, have a good personality,
know how to heckle and have a lot of fun," senior music education major Peter
Garza said.

Their vivacious spirit combined with a variety of upbeat music selections like
Tina Turner's "Proud Mary" and Queen's "We Will Rock You," plus rhythmic drum
cadences and cheers, are the recipe for both fan and team inspiration.

"We play stand tunes to get the crowd involved, get the players pumped up, keep
a good mood throughout the game," senior drumline member Trinidad Lopez Jr.
said. "As a whole, our job is to motivate and pump up our crowd and home team."

Part of being in the band means dishing out witty taunts to the opposing team.
Senior member Federrico Solis explains that they have a number of ways of egging
foes on and distracting them from the game.

"We say small things to mess with their heads," Solis said. "We take to their
errors and throw it in their faces to mess with them."

From the moment of arrival until they've exited the building, members take their
position high in the bleachers behind the opposing team, making noise to rally
the players and the crowd.  And their actions are appreciated.

"They bring the energy," senior guard Jared Maree said. "When we come out,
they're the first thing we hear and see. They bring the support and do a great
job of getting opponents and giving them a hard time."

Because of financial issues and conflicts in schedules, the Pep Band is only
able to perform at home basketball games. When the teams are on the road,
players must rely on themselves and the crowd alone to stay pumped up and
invigorated.

"The away games differ a lot," junior guard Brandon Provost said. "Even if we do
have a good crowd turnout, the band is always the loudest and most energetic
people in the stands."

From November through March, the Pep Band can be heard at every home basketball
game for both men and women. Director of Bands Saul Torres is looking to branch
out into other sports, but because of the lack of funds it is likely to be a
difficult task.

"They [the band members] play X amount of games and get X amount of money,"
Torres explained. "The money that is allotted is scholarships for the students.
Technically they are going to each game and getting paid to be there."

While it is essentially a job, money is no matter. The band members are merely
spectators with a little extra oomph. They're there to support the team through
both its challenges and triumphs.

"It's a lot of fun and we all enjoy it," Garza said. "We're all there to support
the team. It brings out the school spirit in all of us and it helps us
understand what it is to be a Bronc."

The opposing teams may be on the receiving end of light-hearted jabs from the
Pep Band, but even they can't deny the liveliness they put into the basketball
games.

"Our band is awesome," men's coach Ryan Marks said. "They're as good as anyone
else's band from any other team we've played. I've had a couple of coaches from
the other teams say things like, 'You know, your band is really good."

Like a heartbeat, their spirit resonates through the UTPA basketball teams and
fans. As they cheer on the Broncs and heckle to other teams in good sport of the
game, they present a passion that can be felt through the players.

"Just hearing them yell out our name is motivating," Maree explained. "They
really have our backs whether we're up or down or if the game is close. They're
always into the game and they bring it every night."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   Arkansas Traveler: University of Arkansas

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

The Election Before the Election

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 758 words


Let me tell you a political story. Terrible opener for a first date-trust me-but
I think it works in a newspaper.  The Republicans are nominating their candidate
to face an incumbent Democratic president.  A man swept into office by his
personal charm, but who has seen that glamor tarnished by high unemployment and
a public opinion moodier than Kris Jenner.  The GOP frontrunner, conversely, is
a blue-state Republican who flip-flopped on abortion.

That story would be from 1980, and the primary race that churned out Ronald
Reagan to lay an electoral smack down on president Jimmy Carter.

Before all my fellow conservatives have a hernia and stone me for blaspheming
the name of Reagan, I'll clarify - Mitt Romney is no Ronald Reagan.  Though he
does have the hair-and the assuring, resonant speaking voice.

Arkansas Republicans still have some reservations about our presumptive nominee.

  And, by the time we vote on "Super Tuesday, (May 22), Romney's momentum will
be well on its way to taking the whole kit and caboodle.  In the meantime, it is
worth comparing Mitt and his record to the rest of the candidates.  It's like
eating in Brough cafeteria-even if the pizza doesn't look great, just compare it
to the tofu stir-fry.

First, there's Mitt, coming fresh off a big win in New Hampshire.  Gallup polls
show that there are still twice as many self-identified conservatives as
liberals in America, and a Republican candidate needs them to get nominated.

A lot of conservatives are scared of his health care plan in Massachusetts, the
sheer fact that he lived in Massachusetts, and his appeal to moderates.  Some
like punchy TEA-party-rally-style speeches that end with calls to abolish half
the federal government, end the fed and privatize Mount Rushmore, which,
frankly, sounds like a great idea to me -they need to build some restaurants or
something to make it worth the drive.  Listen to Mitt talk in 2008 and it feels
like you just ran a pie chart through a laminating machine.

This time around he stepped up his game.  His victory speech in New Hampshire
was a scathing series of one-liners that contrasted his platform with Obama.  He
has a penchant for economics, and uses that to plug his job creation plans at
every opportunity.  He loves to say that he has faith in people while Obama has
faith in government.

But his strongest rebuttal to critics on the right may be his ability to govern
right-of-center in one of the most radically leftist states in the union.
Romney answers half his criticisms from conservatives by explaining that he was
not hired in Austin or Atlanta.  Judicial appointments?  Had to be approved by
Democrats.  More tax cuts?  Needed to coax the liberal legislature.  Gun
control?  He is an NRA member who tried to roll back a heavily anti-gun state.

Still, he inherited a budget deficit and eliminated it without raising tax
rates.  The conservative Club for Growth credits "tremendous spending cuts he
forced down the legislature's throat," and says he fought to cut his state's tax
rates.

We balance all that, of course, against his problems, like a health care mandate
and some technocrat tendencies that set him at odds with what we in the vast
right-wing conspiracy call "movement conservatives."

That is enough to bother us, so we shop around a bit, first looking at Newt
Gingrich.  Newt is a former Speaker of the House, and a Ph.D. historian who
waxes poetic about Jefferson and makes you want to listen to him narrate an
audiocassette tour of a Civil War battlefield while you eat frozen lemonade.
But, his reputation of being an erratic leader in the 90's endures today.  That
was the era when his personal scandals appalled conservatives, and his
Republican colleagues forced him out of leadership for his irascible
temperament.

Then there's the plucky sweater-vest guy, Rick Santorum-or Andy Samburg from
SNL, as you may know him.  He virtually tied the first caucus in Iowa, but he
was known for being a big spender in Washington, and spent his last re-election
bid as Pennsylvania's Senator getting trampled like a Walmart greeter on Black
Friday.

By the time we're done, it's worth scaling back this quixotic quest for a patron
saint of the Republican Party.  Students are concerned about jobs when the
graduate and federal debt they will inherit.  Facing these challenges doesn't
require a Ronald Reagan, it just requires a president who is willing to empower
people, not expand the federal government.

Will Simpson is a sophomore economics and finance major, and a columnist for the
Arkansas Traveler.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   Arkansas Traveler: University of Arkansas

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Kosmos: Gyros From the Gods

BYLINE: Traveler

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 784 words


By Kimberly McGuire

I was first introduced to the wonderful world of the gyro at the
Arkansas-Oklahoma State Fair, believe it or not. I look back on the fond
memories of carnie food and well, carnie people-watching, with a glum smile that
only my cousins could ever understand. You haven't lived until you've seen a
nearly toothless man gnaw on a carnie-made corn on the cob with the ear still in
tact... the corn's ear, not the man's. Although I never thought to check.

No, I was not there for pleasure or fun as many citizens of the River Valley and
nearby travelling gypsy families were. I was there with the livestock show, and
as I watched the monster truck rally crowd morph into the mariachi concert
patrons who would then morph into the Russian dive team's onlookers, I munched
on my "authentic Greek" gyro that I thought no human could ever match.

Move over AR-OK fair food, there's a  lamb-and-beef-stuffed-in-a-heavenly-pita
god in town, and his name is Kosmos. And he is good.

I wish I could say that I've been eating at Kosmos since I moved to
Fayetteville, but to be perfectly honest, I was skeptical of the place. I had
walked up and down Dickson and passed it by on several occasions, but I really
never fully understood what it was. Finally, a few of us mustered up as much
courage as it requires to try out a "new" place and ended up finding ourselves
in a Grecian temple of the gods. I may or may not have seen a cherub or two,
most likely the doings of Eros- It was love.

When we went to order, none of us knew how to pronounce words such as "gyro" or
"tzatziki" without making fools of ourselves. I still don't fully understand the
diction. I'm not as fluent in accent marks (or Greek) as I had hoped I would be.
The menu comes with a full-on Webster Dictionary style spelling of the foreign
word, which just further intimidated my tongue. It was meant to be helpful, but
I'm glad that the waitress had a sense of humor about my lack of Greek
restaurant know-how. We each ordered a gyro and then a spread, a starter if you
will. For the love of Zeus, I strongly encourage every reader to get an order of
the spicy feta dip. It is life-alteringly delicious. If your taste buds have not
yet experienced such a concoction, do not further delay this unmistakable
epiphany! It's that kind of rant-inducing good.

Unaware of what she was getting herself into, one of my dates for the evening
decided to pull a Man vs. Food maneuver and went for "The Titan," a gyro stuffed
with extra meat, feta cheese, tzatziki sauce and fries. A gyro so huge, it was
almost grotesque. Almost. Her pants and the sandwich had something in common
that night: they were both busting at the seams. Elastic waistbands were a Greek
invention, right?

I went with a simple chicken gyro, add feta, add tzatziki, made it a combo and
had an encounter with fries so good, I thought Ambrosia herself was feeding me
pure delight from the top of Mount Olympus. I am not sure what seasoning Kosmos
uses on the harmonious baskets of delectable spuds, but they are easily the most
amazing fries in town. The whole table agreed, although with "The Titan," you
might not be able to savor them as well.

For those not in the mood for a gyro, I highly recommend a greek salad and the
souvlaki. Souvlaki is skewered meat, either pork or chicken, that has been
marinated in Greek herbs and cooked over an open flame. There is so much flavor
in this dish, you won't know what to do with yourself. And yes, fries are still
an option when ordering this. Just be careful, Hercules, the skewers have a mind
of their own and tend to make taking meat off the tiny javelin into table
shot-put, something I'd like to see at the 2012 Olympic games.

That was then, this is now. Nothing has changed except their location. Kosmos is
now stationed on College Avenue, where customers can choose to dine in and pay
homage to Greek gods and goddesses or call in and use the drive-thru window.
It's hard to miss, what with the columns that the Greek Orthodox church would be
proud of. Seriously, any fan of My Big Fat Greek Wedding will get a kick out of
the architecture.

On Kosmos' website, their slogan is a definition of the term "Kosmos." Until
this moment, I had always believed the name of the restaurant to be the name of
the owner, which it could still very well be. Their definition perfectly sums up
this restaurant as a whole. "Kos-mos noun: People. Everything that exists
anywhere. An orderly, harmonious, systematic universe. Gyros!" My translation:
Kosmos - a place where everything is good, and nothing is bad; a place where
every palate is in harmony, in sync, and balanced with each other; a place where
you can find one heck of a gyro; gyros!

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                          Anchor: Rhode Island College

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Wrestling goes 2-2 at Budd Whitehill Duals

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 479 words


Senior Mike Trasso picked up a monumental 100th victory on his way to an
undefeated 4-0 weekend. Sophomore Kevin Barrucci joined in on the fun with a
unbeaten record of his own to help the Rhode Island College wrestling team pick
up a pair of wins over the course of the two day tournament.

The Anchormen jumped off to a rough start when they faced the York College
Spartans and were defeated by a 29-9 final to open the weekend. Although Trasso,
Barrucci, and freshman Robert Sotelo each earned decisions, RIC could not make a
comeback after losing the first three bouts. The points came for the Anchormen
when Trasso earned a 6-5 victory over junior Spartan Chris Gugliotti followed by
a 7-4 win for Barrucci over T.J. Demetrio and a win for Sotelo over Trent Bond.
Howver, the Anchormen were unable to carry that momentum throughout the contest
and York had four straight victories and advanced at the tournament with a 29-9
victory over the Anchormen.

RIC would not be rattled by the loss as they rebounded just hours later with an
impressive 34-9 win over the hosting Lycoming College Warriors. The Anchormen's
victories included three pins as well as four decisions and one major decision.
Junior Mike Sugermeyer and sophomores Adam Lynch and Brian Nicoll each earned a
pin over their respective opponent. After starting off 3-0 in the contest, the
Anchormen garnered seven consecutive victories with heavyweight Nicoll gaining
an impressive win by pinning his Warrior opponent in the evening's last bout.
The Anchormen saw two of their own Mike Trasso and Kevin Barrucci post 2-0 wins
on the day.

The Anchormen went back to work the next day as they faced off against the
Messiah College Falcons and the Thiel College Tomcats. Anchormen managed to gain
an early 15-3 lead winning four of the first five bouts over the Falcons.
Sophomore Shawn Giblin pinned Chris Williamson for the victory in the 141lb
weight class and senior Brandon Gauthier along with teammates Trasso and
Barrucci earned decisions in their respective weight classes. However, Messiah
made an impressive comeback as they won five consecutive matches including three
pins and two major decisions to rally with a 23-19 victory.

The day was not over as the Anchormen faced their next opponent the Thiel
College Tomcats and came away with eight wins including the highlight of Mike
Trasso notching his 100th career victory with a pin over Sean Byham to seal his
personal triumph. Trasso bumps his career record to an outstanding 100-27. The
Anchormen followed his example as they took a stronghold over the contest with
seven consecutive wins to gain the overall victory by a final of 32-9. The Budd
Whitehill Duals proved to be a strong performance for the Anchormen.

In upcoming action Rhode Island College will open Pilgrim League play at Johnson
and Wales University on Fri., Jan. 27.Follow and like us:

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The University News: Saint Louis University

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Basketball season lifts spirits, unites students

SECTION: OPED; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 272 words


If there is one thing the Saint Louis University community can rally behind, it
is the Billikens.

More specifically, as basketball season rolls around, students find the
Billikens to be one of the few uniting forces, and the basketball atmosphere as
become an atmosphere of hope and excitement.

Athletic programs are often underrated among those students who do not have
athletic interests or aspirations. It is not often pondered how much having a
strong basketball program adds to the image of a university.

Few can forget that only two years ago, Butler University's success in its new
basketball program drew a record-breaking freshman class of 1,067 students,
which was a 13 percent increase from their previous freshman class, according to
the Butler University website.

At SLU, this strong basketball program gives students something to reminisce
about after they graduate. Particularly with free admission to games this year,
more students have been taking advantage of basketball games. Basketball is
becoming more a part of college experience.

Furthermore, a strong athletic program makes SLU appear more inviting to
prospective students. National attention and publicity not only uplift the
University community itself, but it also attracts more incoming freshmen. A
reputable basketball program may also compensate for SLU's lack of a football
program, which is often a disappointment to students.

For students who have not yet taken part in SLU's athletic programs and
offerings, cheering for the Billikens is one of the best ways to feel unified
with the University community and become more a part of the University itself.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              The Pan American: University of Texas - Pan American

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Students design first UTPA class ring

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 622 words


By Daniella Diaz

A never before seen ring left the Jostens factory Monday destined for the eyes
of eager UTPA administrators that put the whole process in motion a little over
a year ago. After much planning and 60 designs were considered, UTPA President
Robert Nelsen selected the final design for the school's first
class ring.

The design, conceived by UTPA jewelry designers, is still a highly guarded
secret. It will be revealed at the Homecoming Pep Rally and again at the Alumni
Ball on Feb. 17.

Students and alumni will be able to pre-order rings once the design is revealed.
Until then, the campus is being kept in the dark about what the keepsake looks
like.

"We've always had a variety of (unofficial) rings... the most official-looking
ring currently has a University seal on it and is available at the bookstore,"
said Leticia Benavides, an alumna and the director of auxiliary services. "We're
really proud of the final outcome of the (official) ring design. It's a
beautiful story once you see it and when you understand what each element means,
it's beautiful to see."

The idea of an official class ring sprouted after Nelsen shared his idea to
create more tradition.

"President Nelsen suggested putting a committee together to design the
University ring so that we could help create a tradition," said Donna Sweigart,
an art professor and committee member. "Dr. Nelsen wanted the students to feel
that the school was committed to them, as well as have students committed to the
school. He wanted the students to feel school spirit and camaraderie and the
tradition that we all wish we had more of."

Afterward, the official ring committee was formed with a variety of student and
faculty members. Sweigart, the only professor who teaches a jewelry/metalworking
class at the University, asked her students to submit potential official class
ring designs for extra credit.

"(The ring design) really had to be a collaborative effort," Benavides said.
"You know, one area or one department couldn't run with it without input from
students or student affairs, alumni office, there was a whole bevy of
representation on this committee."

DESIGNING THE RING

The University began the process in summer 2010 by awarding the contract for
creating the baubles to Jostens, mainly known for its sales in graduation items.

The designers then began to turn out over 60 visions for the ring; the committee
eventually narrowed that down to two.

The designs were presented to the SGA Executive Committee Oct. 15.  SGA reported
their opinions on the two designs and Nelsen took them into consideration when
he made the decision a few days later.

Since then, Jostens has created the manufacturing sketches of the ring design
and will be finishing up the wax molds. Once the committee approves the molds,
the rings will be ready for manufacture.

"We designed this ring so that if you were, for example, at the Houston airport
and you were wearing the ring and somebody saw the ring they would know it was a
UTPA ring," Sweigart said. "It was designed to stand out. That was part of the
intention."

For senior studio art majors Esteban Lopez and Sandi Milford, a University class
ring is more than a keepsake. Because of their involvement from the very
beginning, they have received a weeklong internship at the manufacturing plant
located in Denton. From Jan. 20 to Feb. 3, they will participate in the
manufacture of of the first UTPA class ring.

Yvonne Arzola is also a senior studio art major who participated from the
beginning in designing the ring.

"This experience was fun and it was exciting," she said. "It got to be
overwhelming and stressful at times but then we remembered how amazing it was to
be designing the class ring. We were part of history."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         The Tartan: Radford University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Men's Tennis cruises past Chattanooga and Tennessee Tech

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 400 words


Taylor Newmantnewman5@radford.eduSophomore Joe Mills has shown vast improvement
over the past year under Coach AndersonThe Radford Highlanders men's tennis team
improved to 2-1 on their fresh season as they cruised to a 7-0 win against
Chattanooga and a 6-1 win against Tennessee Tech in non-conference play at the
Hixson Racquet Club.The Highs played Chattanooga on the evening of Jan. 20,
taking an early 1-0 lead when they grabbed wins from the No. 2 and No. 3 doubles
teams.The No. 2 doubles team of sophomore Stijn Meulemans and senior Igor
Ogrizek captured their win 8-2, while freshman Paick O'Keefe and sophomore
Randall Carter sealed the team point with a solid 8-5 win at the No. 3 doubles
spot.Singles play looked exemely promising for the Highs men's tennis team, as
they showed quick finish ability.

Junior Thomas Dehaen, named Big South Player of the Week, won quite easily
against UTC's Pavels Grigorjevs in a 6-3, 6-1 saight set victory to extend his
19 game winning seak continued from last season.Meulemans took Radford to a 3-0
lead when he won his match 6-1, 6-1. The overall RU victory was secured when
O'Keefe won his singles match 6-3, 6-1 to declare a 4-0 lead for the Highs.The
Highs finished out the contest with wins from sophomore Nicholas Sayer, who
played a solid match, winning 6-3, 6-4 against UTC's Roberto Vieira. Sophomore
Joe Mills clinched the 7-0 sweep with a 5-7, 6-2, 1-0 win. On Jan. 21, RU added
another "W" to the win column when they beat Tennessee Tech.Play looked a little
tight in the beginning for the Highs when they lost all three doubles matches,
giving Tech a 1-0 edge. All three RU doubles teams lost by two-point margins.At
the No.1 spot, Dehaen and Sayer lost in a well-fought 7-9 match. At the No. 2
spot, Meulemans and Ogrizek lost 6-8. It was the same story for Carter and
O'Keefe, as they lost 6-8 in a close set.However, the Highs were able to fight
back and rally, winning all six singles matches. Dehaen and O'Keefe made quick
work, winning in saight sets, improving to 3-0 on the season.Mills continued the
RU dominance winning his contest on Court 5 against Tech's Justin Kirtstein 6-3,
6-1. Ogrizek won respectively 6-1, 6-4, Sayer won 7-6, 6-4 and Meulemans won
7-5, 6-1 to finish the overall 6-1 victory over Tennessee Tech.Radford Men's
Tennis will continue their season at home on Feb. 19 at 1 p.m. when they host
Elon University.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The North Wind: Northern Michigan University

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

'Cats earn split with victory against GVSU

BYLINE: Jon Young

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 524 words


It was a weekend of ups and downs for the NMU men's basketball team (4-6 GLIAC,
8-9 overall). Up 12 going into the second half of Saturday's game against Ferris
State, it appeared the 'Cats were on their way to completing a sweep. The
Bulldogs erupted in the second half outscoring Northern 44-18 and holding the
'Cats to 20 percent shooting. Senior center Jared Benson said the team has to
figure out how to slow the opponents momentum."I don't know what didn't click in
the second half," Benson said. "When things aren't coming together we have to
find a way to rally.

This is our home court and we have to find a way to protect it when we play
here."The 'Cats jumped out to a quick start and lead by as much as 17 in the
first half. Points were at a premium for Northern in the second half and head
coach Doug Lewis said the defense needed to be better. "If you don't make shots
you have to play defense and you have to rebound and that's the biggest
difference in the game," Lewis said. "We didn't do the little things in the
second half, and it's frusating and disappointing." Benson paced the 'Cats with
18 points on 7-9 shooting and he also came up five blocks. Freshman guard Haki
Stampley chipped in another 16 points. Senior guard DeAndre Taylor led the team
with nine boards. The first game of the weekend turned out on a more positive
note for the 'Cats as they beat the Grand Valley State University Lakers, 62-57,
last Thursday. Its NMU's first win against the Lakers since Lewis took over as
coach."It's a big win; Grand Valley is the measuring stick of the conference,"
Lewis said. "I have a young team and we needed an important win like this to get
our confidence going and were ying to get into the conference
tournament."Sophomore forward Matt Craggs said the team knew what to expect out
of the zone."They were in the one-three-one and we practiced that all week
because we knew they were going to go to it," Craggs said. "Coaches told us to
move the ball and peneate and that's what we did."The Lakers made a run in the
second half and got up by as much as five points, before NMU responded. Benson
returned and scored all 10 of his points in the second half to spark the Wildcat
comeback. Northern took the lead back at the 10:24 minute make and never lost it
from there. "Every team has their runs," Lewis said. "They had their run and we
kept our composure and got back in the game."The Lakers pulled the score within
two, 59-57, with 34 seconds left, but Stampley got fouled with 19 seconds left
and made a pair of free throws and secured a steal to seal the Wildcat victory.
Lewis said it was important that Stampley didn't let his slow start affect his
confidence."He didn't put his head down he continued to play and fortunately he
made a big shot and made some free throws down the setch," Lewis said.Craggs
lead the 'Cats with 14 points and seven rebounds. Stampley chipped in another 11
points while Benson added 10. The 'Cats are back on the road next weekend. At
8:00 p.m. Thursday, Jan. 26. NMU takes on Hillsdale. Then at 3:00 p.m. on
Saturday, Jan. 28. The 'Cats avel to Midland, Mich. to take on Northwood.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                           The Post: Ohio University

                            January 3, 2012 Tuesday

Post Letter: OU gives Marching 110 little play at bowl game

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 522 words


This is in response to a post I read on a former student's Facebook page. She is
a member of your "cherished" Marching 110. I say "cherished" because I feel that
unless you are a part of that band, or have been a part of that band, you no
longer have a claim to the honor of being proud of the band.

Let me start off by saying I went to another Mid-American Conference school,
where I was a music education and performance major, and was a member of the
marching band for five years, including the last three as drum major. The
student I mentioned prior is a freshman and is much like the rest of the 110 -
who PAY to be in that ensemble, work, sweat and even bleed from July until
December, only to find out that only 77 members of the band can attend the bowl
game. This is something that should not happen if the university actually cares
about the Marching 110.

All I ever hear from Ohio University people (and I preface this by not including
students and alums in this rant) that the 110 is the "greatest," and they are
"so entertaining," and they go on to say "WE are so proud of them." Really? They
are so proud that they can only send 77 members.

The reason ... the budget.

I wonder if the ENTIRE football team was entitled to go or what about all of the
cheerleaders?

I marched in a band that had close to 225 members, and we took everyone, every
time. I know the band director at OU fought for all of the students to go, but
the school would not budge. What a position they put the directors in. How do
you choose? Every band member, from seniors to freshmen, puts the same time in,
rain or shine, sleet or snow.

Rock, papers, scissors?

Russian roulette?

Why, you must be asking, does a person who has no ties to OU get so upset by the
entire band not taking a trip to a bowl game? Good question.

I have been involved in music since I was able to stand, have been playing it
since fourth grade and have been teaching it for the last fifteen years. I have
sent many students to OU, many of whom have marched in the 110.

I am not a fan of the Marching 110, mainly because of the style, but I respect
what they do, because they do it well, and they are committed to doing it better
than everyone else. This past student of mine, as well as the others that were
not able to be a part of OU athletic history, which they also worked for,
deserved better. So to answer my own question, it's always the arts that get
cut.

The band is always asked, sometimes at a moment's notice, to be there for some
sort of athletic rally, but when it counts, they get the shaft. The faculty
members of OU should be ashamed of themselves for allowing this to happen. This
has been a disgrace and a black eye on your university.

Nothing that will make SportsCenter, or even the evening news, but in the eyes
of your students, who give everything to support your school, you failed them.
Congratulations on your first-ever bowl win, Bobcats. It's a shame that your
largest and most supportive fan group was not complete to witness the historic
event!

James Fantine is a University of Toledo alumnus and a percussion instructor at
Thomas Worthington High School.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                       University Press: Lamar University

                           January 11, 2012 Wednesday

Cards rally falls short in 57-54 loss at McNeese State

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 655 words


McNeese State guard Patrick Richard scored nine straight points over the final
1:14, including a 30-foot 3-pointer with 1.5 seconds to play that broke a 54-54
tie, as McNeese State dealt Lamar University a 57-54 Southland Conference
basketball loss Wednesday night at Burton Coliseum.

For Lamar, its misery continues in Lake Charles as the Cardinals have now lost
13 straight road games in the series dating back to Dec. 20, 1997. The
Cardinals, who fell to 11-6 overall and 2-1 in Southland play, will look to
rebound at home Saturday as UT Arlington visits the Montagne Center for a 2 p.m.
start.

"Lamar beat Lamar tonight," said LU head coach Pat Knight. "You have to win
these games. I don't think anything positive comes out of losing. We just have
to work harder, we have to quit fouling, we have to move our feet on the
perimeter and we have to do a better job on post defense. We made dumb plays."

Lamar, which trailed 30-28 at the half, finally took a second half lead on a
Charlie Harper put back with 2:19 to play that made it 50-48. Harper repeated
the play just 49 seconds later and Lamar was suddenly ahead 52-48.

The Cardinals looked to be in good shape to end their futility in Lake Charles
when a pair of Devon Lamb free throws with 1:14 to play put Lamar up 54-48.
However, some clutch play from Richard and some poor play by the Cardinals down
the stretch spelled their doom.

"We were defending them toward the end which let us come back," said Knight
about the Cardinals' late run. "We weren't fouling them. We were getting stops.
At the offensive end, we were driving and forcing them to foul. It's just a
shame, though. We shot ourselves in the foot tonight."

Richard, who led all players with 25 points, knocked down a pair of free throws
with 1:05 to play to get the Cowboys to within four points. Lamb had a chance to
put Lamar back up six with 45 seconds to play, but he missed two free throws

Richard then came down and hit a jumper in the lane. Stan Brown's swipe across
the arm sent Richard to the foul line, and after he knocked down the free throw,
McNeese trailed just 54-53 with 32 seconds to play.

The Cowboys (6-8, 2-0) trapped Lamar guard Mike James in the corner on the
ensuing possession, and he turned it over to McNeese. Richard picked up the
loose ball and was fouled by James with 26 seconds to play. He only hit the
first free throw, but the Cowboys grabbed the offensive rebound to set up the
game winner.

Richard dribbled the clock down and then pulled up from at least 30 feet with
Lamar guard Anthony Miles up close on him. The ball hit nothing but net and the
Cowboys escaped with the win.

"We had a bad shooting night and their last shot just killed us," said Lamb who
led the Cardinals with 17 points. "We have to go forward from here. We know we
are a better team than this team. We made a lot of bad decisions and we beat
ourselves."

Lamar was 10-0 on the year when outrebounding its opponent, but that came to an
end Wednesday as a huge 46-35 advantage on the boards couldn't overcome the
Cardinals' anemic shooting. Lamar was just 17-of-52 from the field in the game,
including 2-of-11 from 3-point range.

James, who has averaged over 21 points per game over the last six contests, was
just 3-of-12 on the night for eight points. Miles was also 3-of-12 from the
floor as he finished with 10 points.

"Lamar beat Lamar tonight. McNeese did not beat Lamar," said Miles, echoing the
words of his head coach. "We had bad turnovers, we missed too many free throws
(18-of-28) and we need to put this game behind us and start getting ready for
Saturday."

Brown, who did not attempt a shot in the game, led the Cardinals with nine
rebounds. Lamb and James chipped in with seven rebounds each.

Dontae Cannon was the only other Cowboy to score in double-figures as he
finished with 13 points. Adrian Fields added nine points and matched Cannon's
six rebounds. Richard led the Cowboys with seven boards.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                       Barnard Bulletin: Barnard College

                           January 14, 2012 Saturday

Procrastination: Getting a head start on falling

SECTION: NEW-YORK-CITY-LIVING; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 602 words

Procrastination: Getting a head start on falling behind

by Gloria Noel and Maitland Quitmeyer

We may embody the Butler archetype at our best in the semester, but at our
worst, our study buns are coming undone and online shopping takes precedence
over reams of JSTOR articles. Yet when midterms last from syllabus week to
finals week and when work snowballs faster than the great Halloweekend Blizzard
of 2011, who can blame us for taking a break (or two)?

Procrastination- it's inevitable.

Professors, parents, and psychologists caution us to stay on task throughout the
semester. While they claim that focused study is more rewarding (and certainly
healthier) than its alter- native, this advice is far from tried and true for
the average col- lege student.

Dr. Timothy Pychyl, psychologist at Carleton University in Ottawa, has studied
the connection between social media use and productivity among college students
and identifies Face- book, Twitter, and StumbleUpon as the cause of the downfall
of work ethic. Unfortunately, for Barnard Students, social media are only the
tip of the iceberg. Our procrastination habits are much quirkier than simply
logging on and checking in. When a problem set is looming and a discussion post
is due on Course- Works, we get creative.

So the next time procrastination hits, undoubtedly at the start of reading week,
try a new recipe or invest in a hula hoop. Rally up a group of Barnard girls who
are similarly staring at their computers or scrubbing away at dishes while
Foucault or econo- metrics waits for them. Get away from your computers, your
mountains of books, and your beds to do something else. The work will eventually
be done, right?

Those with an artistic edge crochet, draw, sing, or find the perfect playlist of
study music. While Hannah Goldstein, BC'12, dreams about the creative endeavors
she would like to pursue in her free time like sculpture and creative writing,
Maitland Quit- meyer, BC '14, swears by an eight track2of film scores and Disney
themes to set the tone for her (eventual) work. It's the process of finding the
appropriate tunes, however, that takes the longest.

Who said that all college students do is nap and eat junk food? Under the
pressure of work and deadlines, many Barnard stu- dents turn to exercise,
proving that Millie is truly one fit bear. While some bike for miles at the gym,
others do laps around the quad or throw impromptu dance parties to keep the
blood flowing. Above all, a casual walk on the Upper West Side or across Central
Park provides many with a sense of accomplish- ment, fatigue, and a reminder of
the great city that surrounds us.

Lura Chamberlain, BC '12, admits to hula hooping in her suite, an antic that
drives her roommate crazy from time to time. When not hula hooping, she spends
time talk- ing to and4distracting her roommate- something famil- iar to all of
us. "Hey, have you seen this YouTube video?"

When exercise fails, Lura turns to cooking, a hobby shared by Deanna Bennett,
BC'14. Why go to Hewitt or John Jay when you can spend hours perfecting pasta
sauce? Bonus procrastination points go to taking extra efforts to buy ob- scure
ingredients and pressing garlic without a garlic press.

The most common procrastination habit, cited by an over- whelming number of
Barnard students as most fulfilling and time consuming? Cleaning. "I would clean
the whole world," one anonymous student sheepishly confesses. Judith Zackson, a
stu- dent at Teacher's College, further admits that vacuuming and windex-ing are
only appealing to her when she has a paper due.About these adsdiv.wpa>div {
margin-top: 1em; }

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Gateway: University of Nebraska at Omaha

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

Women's Basketball earns first two wins of 2012

BYLINE: Nate Tenopir

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 795 words

By Nate Tenopir, Sports Editor

After suffering consecutive losses for the first time all season, the UNO
women's basketball team returned to action last week, winning games against
Sioux Falls and Dallas Christian while losing on the road to Missouri-Kansas
City. After going 2-1 last week, the Mavs are now 11-8, but just 1-7 against
Division I opponents following the 64-74 loss at UMKC.

Sunday, the Mavs locked down defensively in the second half and held Sioux Falls
to just 34.4 percent shooting and 16.7 percent from three. Four UNO players
scored in double digits, led by 18 from senior forward Heather Pohl.

Stacia Gebers had 16, Jamie Nash had 16 of her own and Paige Frauendorfer added
15. Nash led the way with eight assists while Frauendorfer and Pohl each had
nine rebounds.

The Mavs shot just 41.7 percent from the field but got seven three pointers on
7-15 shooting from beyond the arc. At the free throw line, UNO took advantage of
their opportunities, hitting 17 of 19 compared to just 5 of 8 for Sioux Falls.

The Mavs held the Cougars scoreless for almost four minutes midway through the
first half and built a 21-14 lead as a result. UNO pushed it to an 11-point lead
with 3:01 left in the first, but Sioux Falls cut it to 39-33 at half time.

A layup by the Cougar's Alyssa Rushton got Sioux Falls a 40-39 lead three and a
half minutes into the second half before the Mavs built another six-point lead.
Yet with 8:48 to go, the Cougars had once again fought back and led 52-51.

UNO went on a 15-3 run and never looked back. The four Mavs who scored in double
digits combined for three layups, two jumpers, a three and two free throws to
extend UNO out to a lead they would never relinquish.

"Honestly, we've played two good games straight," said UNO Head Coach Chance
Lindley. "I know we lost to UMKC, but I think we saw that UMKC was a good team.
They're going to finish near the top of the Summit League."

"We competed, we were right there. I think we're kind of starting to catch
stride a little bit and today I think it carried over. I know one was a loss and
one was a win, but I honestly think we played some of our best basketball."

For a team that barely got to the 50-point mark in their two-game losing streak,
the offense exploded for 51.6 percent shooting and 84 points against Dallas
Christian on Jan. 9. The 84-33 win was the largest margin of victory for a UNO
women's basketball team since the Mavs won by 59 at Chaminade on Dec. 31, 2007.

Sophomore Amanda Woodring led all scorers with 15, starting guard Nash had six
assists and Pohl led on the glass with 12 rebounds. Frauendorfer the Mavs'
leading scorer at 12.9 points per game rebounded from a scoreless outing against
Cornell to add eight points and nine rebounds to the UNO totals.

The 33 points by the Lady Crusaders was the lowest total amount for a UNO
opponent all season. With no subs available for Dallas Baptist, the Mavs also
achieved a season-best 20.8 percent defensive field goal percentage.

From the beginning, the outcome was never in question. UNO hit their first 12
shots of the night and led 33-7 after the first 12 minutes of the game.

The Mavs went into the halftime locker room up 45-16 and allowed only one more
point in the second half then they had in the first. All 10 players who saw
action for UNO scored a point, and nine of those 10 had six or more points.

A late rally wasn't enough to get the Mavs their second win in a row two nights
later at UMKC. UNO came from 15 down in the second half to get within five with
3:44 left.

From there the Kangaroos scored nine points to the Mavs' four and finished off
UNO 74-64 to win their fifth in a row. The Mavs' Nash led all scorers with 19
while Woodring added 11 and freshman guard Cathleen Cox scored 10.

UMKC established their largest lead of the game, 65-50, with 5:20 left, but a
10-0 UNO run in just 1:25 of game time cut the deficit to just five. Cox hit a
shot from three, then followed Nash's two points from the free throw line with
two of her own.

A Kangaroo turnover then resulted in a three-pointer from Frauendorfer but UMKC
followed it up with a three of their own. The Kangaroos finished the game with
six free throws while the Mavs got a free throw from Nash and a three pointer
from Cox to finish the game in a 64-74 loss.

Although UNO outshot UMKC (44 percent to 41.3 percent), shot better from three
(42.1 percent to 32 percent) and won the battle from the free throw line (75
percent to 66.7 percent), the Mavs' 25 turnovers told the story of the game.

"Every level, every team is a little bit different," Lindley said. "I think
we've done a pretty good job of what we've been preaching all year - worrying
about us. Not about who we're playing against, not about what level, not about
the other jersey."

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Columbia Chronicle: Columbia College

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday

DePaul victorious in Big East thriller against Pittsburgh

BYLINE: Lindsey Woods

SECTION: SPORTS-AND-HEALTH; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 494 words


With 17.2 seconds left, it didn't look good for the DePaul Blue Demons men's
basketball team. They were still down 77-81 after a second-half come back
against reigning Big East champions, the Pittsburgh Panthers.

DePaul guard Brandon Young lead the team in scoring with 26 points in the
victory over Pittsburgh on Jan. 5. Ting Shen THE CHRONICLE

Then came Brandon Young.

In those 17.2 seconds, he turned the game around with a 7-point streak for the
Blue Demon's first ever Big East win over the Panthers.

"Brandon's our hero," said teammate Cleveland Melvin. "He did what he had to do
to win the game. "

A layup started the drive that ended the victory and after Pittsburgh's Isaiah
Epps missed his only two free throws of the night, Young, who had 26 points and
4 rebounds, made the three-point play that set the Blue Demon's up for victory.

"Brandon asked me before the play if we needed a three, and I said, 'You could
or not, depending on the score,'" head coach Oliver Purnell said. "Brandon knew
we needed two."

He drove in past Pittsburgh's Ashton Gibbs, who was forced to foul Young as he
sunk another lay up. Then, in front of a crowd on its feet, he sunk he free
throw to put the DePaul in the lead.

Young then hit another two free throws after being fouled by Gibbs again, to put
the Panthers down by three points with .8 seconds to go in the game.

After Gibbs missed a long shot that would have tied the game, fans stormed the
court in celebration of the Blue Demon's first home conference win in two years.

"This is one of my big wins because I got to hit three clutch free throws. It's
a big statement, it means we can beat anybody now," Young said.

Conversely, the Panther's loss sealed coach Jamie Dixon's longest losing streak
in his 9-year head-coaching career at four games. The game was also Pittsburgh's
third straight conference loss, the other two being against Notre Dame and
Cincinnati.

"The defense is not where it need to be," said Pittsburgh head coach Jamie
Dixon. "We outrebounded obviously by a big number [50-32], and that shows the
effort that we're putting out there...but at the end of the day, we didn't get
it done."

DePaul wasn't without struggles, with Melvin only scoring seven points in the
first half (he scored 20 total points), putting the Blue Demons down 38-31 at
the half.

"The first half I wasn't making shots," Melvin said. "In the second half I just
took my time."

Purnell also expressed dissatisfaction with first half play, calling the game "a
tale of two halves."

"We just kind of hung in there in the first half, but we were close enough to
still see them," he said.

And so could the fans. Students overflowed the student section at Allstate Arena
after the team welcomed them back to the dorms with pizza on Jan. 3 and a pep
rally on Jan. 4. They showed their overwhelming support with a rush to the court
after the last buzzer.

"It was the best feeling of my life when the fans rushed the court," Melvin
said. "I just loved it."

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Optimist: Abilene Christian University

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

'Cats drop to 2-8 in conference play

BYLINE: Natalie Goin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 404 words


Posted on January 19, 2012 | News, Showcase | Comments Off

With the chance of attending the Lone Star Conference Post-Season Tournament one
the line, the women's basketball team fell short to Angelo State in a Tuesday
night heartbreaker. After dominating the first half, the Wildcats quickly lost
control of the game and an 11-point lead with only minutes on the clock
remaining. Despite their early efforts, ACU left the court with a painful 82-74
loss.

"This is not what we intended to happen going into this season," head coach
Shawna Lavender. There is so much talent on this team, but it has been a
struggle for us to remain focused and to become consistent."

Consistency could have changed the outcome of the game. Wildcat fans watched
their team's momentum fade away in the second half. But where ACU fell, the
Rambelles picked up the slack, scoring a season high of 82 points, and shooting
33 percent from the three-point range. ASU outscored the home team 50-37 in the
second half, banking 13 of 27, while the Wildcats barely managed 14 out of 40.

Within a 10-minute rally, the 'Cats 52-41 lead and hope of defeat quickly melted
as the Rambelles went on a shooting rampage, cutting the 11-point deficit and
then some. Angelo State has struggled offensively all season, averaging just
under 60 points per game, and making close to 30 percent behind the three-point
line. But in a matter of minutes, ASU was up 70-61.

Mack Lankford agreed with her coach on the lack of consistency. "It's
frustrating, but you have to get back up and prepare for the next game," said
the sophomore guard. "It just pushes us to practice even harder this week in
preparation to play them again this weekend."

Lankford led the 'Cats with the game-high of 29 points, shooting 10 of 19 off
the floor, followed by Kelsey Smith with 14 points and 7 rebounds. Cassi Stegall
of Angelo State had a career-high of 21 points, sinking 5 out of 6 3-pointers.

The Wildcats fell deeper in the LSC rankings following the loss, now staked out
at ninth in of the conference of eleven teams, and playing with a 2-8 record.

This game marked Angelo State's fifth victory over the 'Cats in the last six
meetings, further brewing the rivalry. Coach Lavender and her team are eager to
take on the now 7-3 Rambelles again this Saturday in hopes of a drastically
different outcome.

The rematch tips off this Saturday, Jan. 21 at 5:30 p.m. in the Junell Center at
Angelo State.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Optimist: Abilene Christian University

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

'Cats drop to 2-8 in conference play

BYLINE: Natalie Goin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 413 words

'Cats drop to 2-8 in conference play

By Natalie Goin
Posted on January 19, 2012 | News, Showcase | Comments Off

With the chance of attending the Lone Star Conference Post-Season Tournament one
the line, the women's basketball team fell short to Angelo State in a Tuesday
night heartbreaker. After dominating the first half, the Wildcats quickly lost
control of the game and an 11-point lead with only minutes on the clock
remaining. Despite their early efforts, ACU left the court with a painful 82-74
loss.

"This is not what we intended to happen going into this season," head coach
Shawna Lavender. There is so much talent on this team, but it has been a
struggle for us to remain focused and to become consistent."

Consistency could have changed the outcome of the game. Wildcat fans watched
their team's momentum fade away in the second half. But where ACU fell, the
Rambelles picked up the slack, scoring a season high of 82 points, and shooting
33 percent from the three-point range. ASU outscored the home team 50-37 in the
second half, banking 13 of 27, while the Wildcats barely managed 14 out of 40.

Within a 10-minute rally, the 'Cats 52-41 lead and hope of defeat quickly melted
as the Rambelles went on a shooting rampage, cutting the 11-point deficit and
then some. Angelo State has struggled offensively all season, averaging just
under 60 points per game, and making close to 30 percent behind the three-point
line. But in a matter of minutes, ASU was up 70-61.

Mack Lankford agreed with her coach on the lack of consistency. "It's
frustrating, but you have to get back up and prepare for the next game," said
the sophomore guard. "It just pushes us to practice even harder this week in
preparation to play them again this weekend."

Lankford led the 'Cats with the game-high of 29 points, shooting 10 of 19 off
the floor, followed by Kelsey Smith with 14 points and 7 rebounds. Cassi Stegall
of Angelo State had a career-high of 21 points, sinking 5 out of 6 3-pointers.

The Wildcats fell deeper in the LSC rankings following the loss, now staked out
at ninth in of the conference of eleven teams, and playing with a 2-8 record.

This game marked Angelo State's fifth victory over the 'Cats in the last six
meetings, further brewing the rivalry. Coach Lavender and her team are eager to
take on the now 7-3 Rambelles again this Saturday in hopes of a drastically
different outcome.

The rematch tips off this Saturday, Jan. 21 at 5:30 p.m. in the Junell Center at
Angelo State.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 348 DOCUMENTS


           Pointer View: United States Military Academy at West Point

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

Rules restrict political activity by DOD personnel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 765 words


With election activity steadily picking up, defense officials are in the process
of issuing regular election-year guidance to remind military and Defense
Department civilians that they're subject to rules regulating their involvement
in political activities.

This issue-one the department regularly addresses during election periods-came
to light earlier this week after an Army Reserve Soldier in uniform appeared
endorsing a political candidate.

Several sets of rules help to protect the integrity of the political process,
DOD officials said. DOD Directive 1344.10 applies to members of the armed
forces, whether they serve on active duty, as members of the reserve components
not on active duty or as National Guard members in a non-federal status and
military retirees.
In addition, the Hatch Act applies to federal civilian employees and employees
also are subject to widely published DOD guidance that discusses participation
in political campaigns and elections.

These rules are designed to prevent military members' or federal civilian
employees' participation in political activities that imply-or even appear to
imply-official sponsorship, approval or endorsement, officials said. The
concern, they explained, is that actual or perceived partisanship could
undermine the legitimacy of the military profession and department.

That's not to imply, however, that military members and civilian employees can't
participate in politics. In fact, DOD has a longstanding policy of encouraging
members to carry out the obligations of citizenship, officials said. DOD
encourages its military and civilian members to register to vote and vote as
they choose, they said.

Both groups can sign nominating petitions for candidates and express their
personal opinions about candidates and issues.

However, officials emphasized, they can do so only if they don't act as, or
aren't perceived as, representatives of the armed forces in carrying out these
activities.

Beyond that, the list of do's and dont's differs depending on whether the
employee is a member of the armed forces, a career civil service employee, a
political appointee or a member of the career Senior Executive Service,
officials said.

Military members, for example, may attend political meetings or rallies only as
spectators and not in uniform.
They're not permitted to make public political speeches, serve in any official
capacity in partisan groups or participate in partisan political campaigns or
conventions.

They also are barred from engaging in any political activities while in uniform.

A combat engineer assigned to the 416th Theater Engineer Company potentially
violated these rules Jan. 3 when he stepped onto a stage at Ron Paul's
headquarters in Ankeny, Iowa, during the Iowa Caucus to offer a personal
endorsement. Although he was wearing his uniform, the Soldier was not in an
active status at the time, Maj. Angela Wallace, an Army Reserve spokeswoman,
confirmed.

Wallace emphasized that the Soldier "stands alone in his opinions regarding his
political affiliation and beliefs, and his statements and beliefs in no way
reflect that of the Army Reserve."

His chain of command is aware of the issue and is considering appropriate
disciplinary action to take, she said.
Most civilian DOD employees, whose political activities are governed by the
Hatch Act, are permitted to be active in and speak before political gatherings
and serve as officers of political parties or partisan groups, officials said.
These activities, however, cannot involve fundraising.

Civilian employees also are permitted to manage campaigns, distribute
literature, write political articles or serve as a spokesperson for a party or
candidate.

There are, however, exceptions to this, including but not limited to Senior
Executive Service.

While the do's and dont's concerning political activity may vary, the basic
tenets hold true for all DOD employees.

The bottom line, officials said, is that they should steer clear of any activity
that may be reasonably viewed as directly or indirectly associating DOD or the
military with a partisan political activity, or that "is otherwise contrary to
the spirit or intent" of the rules described.

For details, visit the Federal Voting Assistance Program at www.fvap.gov/. The
U.S. Office of Special Council can also provide guidance on the Hatch Act at
www.osc.gov/hatchact.htm.

For questions related to voting ...

The installation voting assistance officer at West Point is Gene Hickman, who
can be reached at 938-3722. His office is located in the Education Center, Bldg.
683 (between Subway and the Fitness Center).

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                University Chronicle: St Cloud State University

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday

Second half rally lifts women's basketball team over Crookston

BYLINE: Matt Nielsen

SECTION: SPORTS & FITNESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 721 words


TweetEmailTweetEmail

Friday's game

SCSU's women's basketball team pulled off their third win in a row with a great
second half effort against UM-Crookston on Friday night by a final score of
75-67.

Crookston started off hot as they led 11-4 five minutes into the game. Shots
were not dropping for the Huskies as they struggled early from the field. SCSU
played hard to come back within one point with eight minutes to play in the
first half.

The Golden Eagles shot lights out the rest of the half as they went into the
locker room with a 44-35 lead.

The Huskies started off the second half similar to the first as they allowed
Crookston some easy shots which gave the Golden Eagles a 50-39 lead just three
minutes into the half. A timeout by SCSU was much needed as they rallied back
from an 11 point deficit.

"We didn't think we could play any poorer than we did but we were pretty upbeat
going out there in the second half and made the corrections we needed to," said
head coach Lori Fish.

Sophomore Rachael Moen hit a huge three pointer to put the Huskies within two
points with seven minutes left. Strong defense and a well run offense gave SCSU
a 66-60 lead with just under five minutes remaining in the game after first-year
player Jessica Benson nailed a tough three pointer.

The last two minutes were intense as Crookston cut the deficit to four with just
under two minutes remaining. The Huskies' free throws kept them in the lead as
Moen went 6-6 from the charity stripe in the last minute of the game to seal a
75-67 victory.

"I didn't feel like we ever panicked and they have a lot of confidence in each
other and everybody was patient," said Fish.

First year player Jessica Benson led the team with 19 points, followed by
sophomore Rachael Moen with 14 points, and senior Aaryn Booker with 13 points.
On the defensive side of the ball, SCSU out-rebounded Crookston 36-35 and also
forced more turnovers as Crookston turned it over 22 times compared to SCSU's 19
times.

Not only was the Huskies' defense better, but they shot much better from the
field than Crookston. The Huskies went 40 percent from three point land while
Crookston only went 33 percent. SCSU also outshot the Golden Eagles from the
free throw line with 79 percent compared to 62 percent for Crookston.

"It was a team win but I thought Jessica Benson made some big shots when we
needed them and Rachael Moen really controlled the offense," Fish said. "You
don't get style points for winning and these are the types of games that we need
to pull out and I couldn't be more proud of them."

This win puts the Huskies in the middle of the pack in the NSIC. The last few
games of the year are crucial as the Huskies look to gain a better spot before
the NSIC tournament begins at the beginning of March. SCSU also has four of
their next six games at home.

Saturday's game - Staff report

Women's basketball didn't have the same luck as their male counterparts on
Saturday when they were narrowly defeated 82-71 by Minnesota State Moorhead. The
two teams are extremely close in the NSIC.

In another men's-women's parallel, the Dragons grabbed the first 5 points of the
game while SCSU sat at zero.

After their first two points, courtesy of Nicole Anderson, the Huskies gradually
began to catch up to their rivals until the 9-13 mark, when the Dragons again
took the lead.

They ended the half close, with SCSU just three points behind MSU at 33-36. The
score was never fully tied in the first half, and MSU maintained their lead
throughout.

Jordi Gerking tied up the score at the beginning of the second half, followed by
Jessica Benson finally giving the Huskies a lead at 38-36.

The score remained close until the 48-58 mark, after which the Huskies looked to
be slowly catching up to the Dragons.

Aaryn Booker scored the final two Husky points at 1:18, bringing their score to
71.

Moorhead continued to score ahead until Megan Strese scored the final point to
pull her team to a win.

Angie Jetvig of Moorhead made 10 of her 16 attempted field goals for a total of
31 points scored in the game.

For the Huskies, Sam Price led in total points with 18, but Jessica Benson led
in field goals with 7 total.

The women's basketball team will be away in Nebraska and South Dakota this
weekend, but will return to challenge Winona and Upper Iowa universities the
weekend of Feb. 3 and 4.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                          Anchor: Rhode Island College

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

The Anchor Nixon's campaign and the power of advertising

SECTION: RICLIFE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 476 words


Politicians have not always been neatly packaged for consumption by the media.
Even now, presidential candidates struggle to master social media, and any
embarrassing soundbite can be rebroadcast worldwide within a matter of minutes.
Perhaps that's what makes "The Selling of the President" by Joe McGinniss so
fascinating to read. The book serves as a peek behind the scenes of Nixon's 1968
presidential campaign. Nixon had previously failed to be elected in 1960, and
television was largely blamed for his inability to trump Kennedy.

At times the book reads like a vivid work of fiction, sharing deep personal
conversations on the most minute of campaign details. Perhaps most fascinating
is the amount of scheming shown going on behind the scenes, as Nixon's team
attempts to craft an image as the politician as a "warmer" candidate. Harry
Treleaven, a member of Nixon's team, consistently asserts throughout the course
of the campaign that issues bore voters, insisting that is doesn't matter what
Nixon says, but how he says it. As Treleaven and the rest of Nixon's employees
work to determine the correct number of black men to allow at a live and
"unstaged" rally, it becomes impossible to avoid speculating about how modern
candidates are marketed. The book also contains an almost innocent nature -
Nixon's fear of television almost appears quaint in the age of Twitter and
Facebook. One wonders how Nixon's team would have tackled the candidate's
discomfort in front of the camera in an age where live can no longer be staged.

The book begins to drag by the end, as McGinness begins to focus more on the
stress and fear of Nixon's team than strategy. However, this is made up for with
the appendixes in the back, which contain detailed outlines of campaign
commercials and methods of marketing the candidate. The research done before
released commercials seems meticulous and needless - until the public expresses
backlash over minor details of the final product. Things are constantly
described as being "too conservative," "too liberal," or "too negro." At one
point, a photo of a soldier is removed from a commercial because his helmet says
Love, and there is fear it will conjure an image of the hippy movement. Later,
Nixon receives a letter from the soldier's mother, stating how excited she is
that her son was in a commercial spot. At the end of the letter, it's revealed
that her last name is Love.

"The Selling of the President" is an engaging and personal look at the 1968
presidential campaign, and the molding of a "grouchy old man" into a warm public
figure. The measures used to ensure his presidency jar one into examining the
structure of elections now, and American politicians need to sell elections like
a consumer product. In a time that values image more than intentions, the book
remains current and essential.

Share this:

Share

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                          Anchor: Rhode Island College

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Nixon's campaign and the power of advertising

SECTION: AE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 473 words


Politicians have not always been neatly packaged for consumption by the media.
Even now, presidential candidates struggle to master social media, and any
embarrassing soundbite can be rebroadcast worldwide within a matter of minutes.
Perhaps that's what makes "The Selling of the President" by Joe McGinniss so
fascinating to read. The book serves as a peek behind the scenes of Nixon's 1968
presidential campaign. Nixon had previously failed to be elected in 1960, and
television was largely blamed for his inability to trump Kennedy.

At times the book reads like a vivid work of fiction, sharing deep personal
conversations on the most minute of campaign details. Perhaps most fascinating
is the amount of scheming shown going on behind the scenes, as Nixon's team
attempts to craft an image as the politician as a "warmer" candidate. Harry
Treleaven, a member of Nixon's team, consistently asserts throughout the course
of the campaign that issues bore voters, insisting that is doesn't matter what
Nixon says, but how he says it. As Treleaven and the rest of Nixon's employees
work to determine the correct number of black men to allow at a live and
"unstaged" rally, it becomes impossible to avoid speculating about how modern
candidates are marketed. The book also contains an almost innocent nature -
Nixon's fear of television almost appears quaint in the age of Twitter and
Facebook. One wonders how Nixon's team would have tackled the candidate's
discomfort in front of the camera in an age where live can no longer be staged.

The book begins to drag by the end, as McGinness begins to focus more on the
stress and fear of Nixon's team than strategy. However, this is made up for with
the appendixes in the back, which contain detailed outlines of campaign
commercials and methods of marketing the candidate. The research done before
released commercials seems meticulous and needless - until the public expresses
backlash over minor details of the final product. Things are constantly
described as being "too conservative," "too liberal," or "too negro." At one
point, a photo of a soldier is removed from a commercial because his helmet says
Love, and there is fear it will conjure an image of the hippy movement. Later,
Nixon receives a letter from the soldier's mother, stating how excited she is
that her son was in a commercial spot. At the end of the letter, it's revealed
that her last name is Love.

"The Selling of the President" is an engaging and personal look at the 1968
presidential campaign, and the molding of a "grouchy old man" into a warm public
figure. The measures used to ensure his presidency jar one into examining the
structure of elections now, and American politicians need to sell elections like
a consumer product. In a time that values image more than intentions, the book
remains current and essential.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                       University Press: Lamar University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Early Childhood Development Center to close May 31

BYLINE: John Rollins

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 433 words


What was once a school for the South Park Independent School District, Lamar
University's Early Childhood Development Center has become a university staple.

After a 25-year run, however, the center will close its doors May 31 following
the spring semester.

"Lamar University students, staff, faculty and community members have been
blessed with the best care and instruction available anywhere in the area for 25
years," Hollis Lowery-Moore, Dean of the College of Education and Human
Development, said. "It's been a joyous addition to lots of lives."

The Early Childhood Development Center, although an auxiliary service of the
university, provides daycare for LU students with children, as well as other
community members.

ECDC Director, Margaret Swope, said that because the center is not an essential
function of the university they have always been able to keep tuition costs very
low.

As a result of severe budget cuts, however, tuition for the center has been
raised and attendance is down. While the center has the capability of caring for
140 students, it currently has approximately 100 students enrolled.

"We would have to raise tuition and fees about 35 percent to continue
functioning," Swope said. "We didn't want to lower our standards just to remain
within the budgets."

Lowery-Moore said the majority of universities which are able to keep their
early childhood centers active during these economically-challenging times rely
on grant money. She said Lamar has no grant writer, therefore the university
does not have the capability or the resources to keep the center open.

"We set a goal of looking at everything very carefully - studying numbers and
figures," Lowery-Moore said. "The decision was made Nov. 15 to close the center
in May. This most difficult, purely economic decision makes all of us very sad."

Lowery-Moore and Swope both said this will give current employees a full
semester to do their homework and research other job options in the area.

"Everyone on campus will miss the Big Red pep rallies at the center, the
Halloween visits from the costumed children, and the many other wonderful
opportunities provided by a campus child development center," Lowery-Moore said.

"Although the center is closing May 31, the dedicated teachers and staff will
continue to give the same excellent service to the children until the very last
day. Nothing will be packed up and no schedule changes will be made while the
students are present. All of the closing activities will occur in June."

For more information, contact Lowery-Moore at hollis.moore@lamar.edu or Swope at
msswope@lamar.edu

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         The Rampage: Bluefield College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Former ASU Fullback Goes Pro

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 452 words


ASU added another success story to its history as a former Ram fullback
officially became a professional football player in the Indoor Football League
(IFL) for the Omaha Beef franchise on Oct. 24, 2011.

John Norcott played two seasons for the Rams from 2009-2010 and in his senior
year, he was chosen for the 2010 All-Lone Star Conference 2nd team and Don
Hensen Super Region 3rd team.

Norcott said he was thrilled about his opportunity.

"I'm looking to contribute to both side of the ball," he said. "Signing with
Omaha is very exciting, and I'm looking forward to proving myself at this level.
I hope to help Omaha excel in playoffs and to a championship."

Norcott is not only a football player, but a five-time National Champion in
power lifting and a weight room fanatic. The news of his achievement did not
surprise anyone who knew him at ASU.

"The guy has been a real standout player," ASU weightlifting coach Kelcey Hite
said. "He was a terrific fullback and he progressed a lot as a football player
and as an athlete since he got here. I wouldn't have been surprised if he had
gone free agent to the NFL."

Chad Herring, Hite's assistant, said he was proud of him.

"I only saw him play one season, actually, but [I] knew he was a very hard
worker and one of his dreams was to play football professionally," Herring said.
"He earned it. I think he deserved it."

John Norcott's dream became a reality and it was not an easy task as his power
lifting abilities were not helping him on the football field.

"When he got here, he was a strong guy already, he was already a three or
four-time national champion as a power lifter, but that kind of strength that he
had didn't translate to the field as well as it should have," Hite said. "He was
a really good power lifter, but doing some of the things that we do here and
focus on like using his hips was where he had a weakness and he worked hard to
correct that. He came up here four days a week at six in the morning to work on
his hips, his flexibility, working on blocking technique; doing things that
would help increase his strength."

John Norcott's work ethic caught the eye of his coach and offensive coordinator
Russell Gaskamp, as well as his fellow teammates which transitioned him into the
role of a leader.

"He pushed guys to work hard in there," Gaskamp said. He was kind of a teacher
down there. That was probably where he had the greatest effect. He was very
optimistic, very positive, he helped rally the troops, and the guys gravitated
toward him because they liked being around him."

As John Norcott prepares for his new role with the Omaha Beef, he can rest
assured that he left an impact on the men in the Rams locker room and that ASU
wishes him well.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 348 DOCUMENTS


               The Rutgers Observer: Rutgers University - Newark

                            January 29, 2012 Sunday

Republican Primaries 101

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 441 words


2 notes

By: Joshua Hoyos

Every four years, presidential candidates say that each election cycle is the
most critical election in history, but the race for the Republican nomination
has turned out to be the most unexpected campaign.
Of the three contests in this year, Rick Santorum, former Senator of
Pennsylvania, edged out a victory in Iowa, Mitt Romney, the former governor of
Massachusetts, won the New Hampshire primary, and Newt Gingrich, the former
Speaker of the House, changed the game and won the South Carolina primary.
         As the political world's attention turns to Florida, so does a very
different campaign from that of merely six months ago when Representative
Michele Bachmann won the Ames Iowa Straw Poll on the same day as Texas Governor
Rick Perry. This appeared to be the answer that the Tea Party was waiting for,
and the 9-9-9 economic plan from businessman Herman Cain who brought a mantra
that supporters could rally behind.


From there, the campaign has been fueled by sex scandals, polling ups-and-downs,
and debates.  Cain dropped out in December after allegations of sexual
harassment, followed shortly by Bachmann after a poor showing in her home
state's Iowa Caucus. The Bachmann campaign followed the same strategy as the
Santorum team used to win, go to each of the 99 counties in Iowa and take part
in retail politics; going door-to-door and meeting with voters.
That is what Santorum used in Iowa to beat Romney by 34 votes and it was the
same retail politics method Jon Huntsman used, the former Governor of Utah and
U.S. ambassador to China, and lead to a poor showing in New Hampshire and thus
did not give him the ticket to ride that the candidate defiantly said on the NH
primary night on Jan. 10.
Now with Gingrich's surge in South Carolina that led him to a 13 percent victory
after crucial debate performances and Super PAC (political action committee)
ads, Romney is fighting for his chance for another political day after the
Sunshine State.
According to the latest Rasmussen Reports for the Republican primaries in
Florida on Jan. 23, Gingrich is leading polls 41 percent to Romney's 32 percent.
In nationwide Gallup Tracking polls from Jan. 23, Romney is ahead of Gingrich 29
percent to 28 percent, within the margin of error.
The way in which a person can become the nominee of the Republican party is
winning delegates from each primary and caucus that would vote for a candidate
at the party's convention. As the process moves forward to the 1144 delegates
that are needed to surpass the threshold to receive the Republican nomination,
this battle will be drawn out until the GOP convention in August.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  Independent Collegian: University of Toledo

                            January 29, 2012 Sunday

Lady Rockets rally late in Buffalo

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 340 words


The Lady Rockets needed all 40 minutes to come back from 17 points to knock off
the Buffalo Bulls (6-16, 1-7) Saturday afternoon 77-75.

The Bulls jumped out to a 9-0 lead to begin the game in what turned out to be a
nightmarish first half for the Rockets (13-7, 6-2), who allowed Buffalo to score
49 points on over 50 percent shooting.

With 4:19 to play, Toledo found themselves down by 17, their biggest deficit of
the game.

"It's a good thing we don't stop after 20 minutes," said UT head coach Tricia
Cullop. "That might have been some of the worst basketball we've played."

Down 15 to start the second half, Toledo got the spark they needed with a 15-7
run over the first 7:30 to close the gap. Then, after a scoreless first half,
senior guard Courtney Ingersoll drained three triples down the stretch. Her
three-pointer with 4:12 left made it a four-point game and another with 2:15
remaining gave the Lady Rockets their first lead of the day.

"If you had a hero of the night, I'd say it's Courtney Ingersoll," Cullop said.
"I really challenged our seniors at halftime and asked them if this is how they
wanted their senior year to go. Do you want to drop one at Buffalo?"

After trading baskets for the next few possessions, senior Haylie Linn made a
layup with 35 seconds left to give UT a one-point lead. Sophomore guard Andola
Dortch made three clutch free throws down the stretch to seal the deal.

"They don't give up," Cullop said. "Even in some of the games we've lost close,
they give everything they have. They decided they wanted to win the battle."

Dortch led the Rockets with 18 points and junior center Yolanda Richardson added
17 points and 11 rebounds. Richardson also became the school's all-time leading
shot blocker and now has 140 for her career. Ingersoll scored all 11 of her
points in the second half and was 3-of-9 from range.

Buffalo was led by senior guard Brittney Hedderson's 23 points, 16 of those
coming in the first half.

The Lady Rockets return to action Wednesday night hosting Akron. Tipoff is
scheduled for 7 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Harvard Crimson: Harvard University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Crimson Defeats Minutewomen in Spring Opener

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 582 words


Within minutes of the start of singles play, all six players suiting up for the
No. 63 Harvard women's tennis team were winning their first sets, 1-0.

The scene was representative of what the day brought for the Crimson, which
soundly defeated the University of Massachusetts Amherst on Sunday afternoon,
6-1. After sweeping all three doubles contests, five of Harvard's six singles
players won in two sets, giving the Crimson (1-0) its first win of the spring
season.

"We knew that all the players [on UMass] were great fighters," junior co-captain
Kristin Norton said. "They came to our Harvard Invitational in the fall, and a
couple of us played them and knew they had some strong singles and doubles
players."

Norton and fellow junior co-captain Hideko Tachibana kicked off the day with a
doubles win at the No. 1 position, handily beating their opponents, 8-2. Norton
and Tachibana, who are ranked No. 25 in the nation in doubles play, were in
control throughout the match, going up 6-1. UMass (1-3, 0-1 A10) captured the
eighth game, battling back in the tiebreaker to nab the win.

But Norton and Tachibana responded, holding UMass scoreless in the next game
before closing out the match in the tenth.

"I think the key thing is our chemistry," Norton said of her partnership with
Tachibana. "We've been working really hard together as a doubles team, and we
just know where each other is going to be on the court at all times."

Meanwhile, sophomores Natalie Blosser and Hannah Morrill teamed up and turned in
a convincing 8-1 win at the No. 2 spot.

With the first two doubles matches finished, the match at No. 3 carried on.
After getting off to a 6-2 start, senior Sam Gridley and junior Camille Jania
allowed the Minutewomen to take the next two games, which brought the visitors
within two.

But Gridley and Jania were not ready to give the match to their foe. With the
scoreboard showing 7-5 overall and 30-30 in the game, the duo rallied until
Gridley hit a shot that landed just over the net and spun backwards, moving just
out of reach of the UMass returner.

The match ended on an error from the Minutewomen, and the Crimson team swept
doubles play.

Harvard rode the momentum into singles play, as each player on the home team
claimed its first match.

Norton sped through her match at the No. 2 spot, winning 6-0, 6-1.

On the No. 1 court, Tachibana had a slightly tougher time with UMass sophomore
Sonia Bokhari. Despite winning her first set, 6-1, the co-captain saw much
closer play in the second.

Bokhari stayed close, relying on long rallies that seemed to tire the athletes
on both sides of the net. But Tachibana closed out the match with a number of
aces to grab the 7-5 win.

"What helped me a lot was maintaining a positive attitude through it all,"
Tachibana said. "It's really easy to get fazed by your opponent when things
aren't necessarily going your way, and I think at the end there I really just
kind of pushed down and battled it out."

Tachibana's victory over Bakhari ensured a Harvard victory after Jania finished
her opponent, 6-0, 6-2, at the No. 3 position minutes before.

No. 4 Gridley and freshman Sylvia Li, playing at No. 6, also earned a team point
each for the Crimson, winning 7-5, 6-2, and 6-3, 6-4, respectively.

"It was a great way to gauge where we are in terms of the overall Northeast,"
Tachibana said. "Our entire team played really well...and it's a great start for
better things to come."

-Staff writer Taryn I. Kurz can be reached at tkurcz13@college.harvard.edu

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              The Highlander: University of California - Riverside

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

"Man on a Ledge" Movie Review

BYLINE: Jacqueline Balderrama

SECTION: ARTANDENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 604 words


"Man On a Ledge" by director Asger Leth premiered Jan. 27 as a crime thriller
starring Sam Worthington. The Australian actor, known for a number of hit and
miss films including the critically acclaimed "Avatar" (2009) and the less
noteworthy "Clash of the Titans" (2010) takes on yet another genre. His new
spotlight in "Man On a Ledge" is unfortunately a miss for the actor. While the
movie attempts to create a suspenseful and twist-laden plot, it ultimately fails
to arouse any connection to the characters and ends without much to think about
afterward.

The film opens with Nick Cassidy (Sam Worthington), an ex-cop and convicted
felon who is sentenced to 25 years for stealing a large diamond, who after
escaping prison, climbs to the 21st floor of a Manhattan hotel and threatens to
jump. He requests a specific police psychologist Lydia Mercer (Elizabeth Banks),
who just earlier that month failed to save a jumper. As they negotiate on the
rooftop, Cassidy's brother and his brother's girlfriend are in communication
with him as they break into the jewelry exchange across the street. To clear his
name, Cassidy directs the pair in hopes that they will find the diamond and
reveal the true villain to be David Englander (Ed Harris), a wealthy
businessman, who supposedly set up Cassidy to prevent his own bankruptcy. His
potential suicide quickly becomes a distraction for the chaotic crowd beneath
while the theft is occurring.

The film unfolds further, expounding upon betrayals, complexities and
corruption. Still, focusing on the scenes individually or even the movie as a
whole yields little spectacle. In the first half, the movie seems to drag on
indefinitely with the police attempting to identify Cassidy and Mercer
continually yelling into her radio. There is little to no action and drawn out
conversations between Cassidy and Mercer result in the dulling continuation of a
man on a ledge. A couple invigorating flashbacks somewhat counteract this, but
it is not until the the end that Cassidy finally makes some active decisions.
Unfortunately, they come to clichéd climaxes and practically unbelievable
stunts.

With movies like "Mission Impossible" and "Oceans 11" to compare in the subject
of elaborate thefts, "Man On a Ledge" is hardly a competitor. It is a bit hard
to sympathize with Cassidy. Because he is on a ledge by choice and the screen
stays relatively pinned to that particular point, there is no opportunity to see
him in action prior to the theft. Thus, it is difficult to see that he has some
good nature which offers reason to cheer for him. Flashbacks may have solved
this problem, revealing the life he is fighting to return to, but that was not
the case. There aren't even flashbacks of the actual crime in question to
increase the suspense. Furthermore, there is little to invest in as he rallies
the crowd against the police in yelling his innocence repeatedly. As a result,
viewers remain relatively removed from the character of Cassidy. The film only
skims over his belief that escape from prison is not true freedom. Only the
proof of his innocence will be enough.

In closing, the entire movie does not go beyond the initial and soon redundant
question of whether or not the man on the ledge will jump. Though an admirable
idea, the plot is not gripping in its periodic reveals and obstacles. Due to the
flatness of the main characters, the twists become ineffective and
uninteresting. This lack of character development also failed to make the
situation believable in the first place. As a result, "Man On a Ledge" was far
from the cliffhanger narrative it tried to be.

Rating: 2 stars

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Temple News: Temple University

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

Women's gymnastics hopes to rally around seniors

BYLINE: Chase Senior

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 422 words


The Owls will rely on its pair of senior captains to improve their young squad.

Confidence is running high for the women's gymnastics squad on North Broad
Street in 2012.

The Owls, who are returning three seniors and one graduate student, are loaded
with youthful talent up and down the roster. Of the 24 members on this year's
team, eight will be making their debuts as freshmen and seven more women will be
entering their second campaign as collegiate gymnasts.

Coach Aaron Murphy is entering his sixth season as commander of the women's
gymnastics program, and the 2009 Eastern Collegiate Athletic Conference Division
I coach of the year doesn't think the youthfulness of this year's team will be
an issue.

In 2011, Temple placed in the Top 3 in six of their nine meets, and Murphy
thinks this year's team has the same ambition.

"The talent is there," Murphy said. "Our job as coaches, we have to evaluate
their skill level. If it's there and up to the level of college gymnasts, then
we just have to clean them up."

Senior Alexandra Uscatu enters her fourth and final year at Temple. In 2011,
Uscatu was one of only three Owls to compete in the United States Gymnastics
Championship Finals. Uscatu tied for second place during session one on vault,
and placed eighth overall.

"It's a really big honor [to represent Temple]," Uscatu said. "I know that I
love this team, and I love these girls. It's more than just a team. This is my
family."

Senior Corrine Williams enters her final year at Temple with an impressive
résumé. Corrine has compiled a total of six plaques on the wall of the Temple
gymnasium. In 2010, Williams was one of three Owls to compete in the United
States Gymnastics Championships, placed second in all-around during session one
and managed to place eighth overall on uneven bars.

"[I have to] maintain, keep up what I've been doing for the last three years,
and do it until the end," Williams said. "No injuries, and come back with some
more awards."

Uscatu and Williams will both play critical roles in helping Murphy achieve the
goals he has set out for himself and his team.

"ECAC Championships, man is it tough," Murphy said. "You've got seven pretty
equal teams at that time going into the tournament, you're going to battle it
out head to head."

"The past few years we were around third place, then last year we dropped to
fourth," Murphy added. "It's time to get back in the Top 3. I already have two
third place trophies, it's time to add a second or first."

Chase Senior can be reached at chase.senior@temple.edu

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Temple News: Temple University

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

Women's basketball team struggles to hit its stride

BYLINE: Brandon Stoneburg

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 622 words


PAUL KLEIN TTN

The women's basketball team is trying to find its shooting touch plays.

The Owls stayed busy during the winter break while other students were home
enjoying the holidays.

The Owls played six games including two on the road. They split the six games
winning three against UCLA, Richmond and Western Michigan and losing to Duke,
Villanova and St. Bonaventure.

Recently, the Owls defeated the Dayton Flyers, 61-57 on the road last Sunday.

The Owls are 2-1 in a wide-open Atlantic Ten Conference, so the goal of bringing
home a conference championship and returning to the NCAA tournament is still
very much alive despite an inconsistent start.

"I think everybody knew that, once Xavier lost their big players, that the
conference was wide open," coach Tonya Cardoza said. "No one gave Dayton or
Temple the trophy this year. We knew that we were going to have to fight it out,
and we knew that it was a balanced league. It's tough competition throughout."

Losses to in-city rival Villanova and No. 8 Duke, both at home, by nine and 11
points, respectively, were tough to swallow. In the loss to the Wildcats, the
Owls shot 25.5 percent from the field, which crippled their chances to pull off
the victory. A win against Duke would have been a confidence boost after a slow
start to the season, but the Owls got themselves in a deep hole, down 37-20 at
the half as they struggled again from the field, and their second-half rally
wasn't enough.

There was cause for concern as the next two games were on the road, but they
beat Western Michigan by 12 thanks to 19 points apiece from senior guards
Kristen McCarthy and Shey Peddy.

The following game against Richmond displayed one of the Owls' best comebacks
thus far of the year. The Owls trailed by 14 in the first half thanks to more
cold shooting, but pulled off a 13-0 run in the second half to ensure a
thrilling finish. With the Owls down by one with 10 seconds left, Cardoza put
the ball in Peddy's hands, who found McCarthy for a jumper with 0.2 left on the
clock to give Temple the win.

The cold shooting has been a trend throughout the season as the team has a 29
percent field goal percentage from beyond the arc and is shooting less than 40
percent shooting overall.

Still a 7-8 record on the season isn't what anyone on North Broad had envisioned
for this team that went 24-9 a year ago. The low shooting percentage in most
games has been a big Achilles' heel for the team and so has the assist to
turnover ratio, 186 assists compared to 238 turnovers.

Peddy and McCarthy are the only players averaging double figures in points as
the rest of the starters and bench have struggled to find their scoring touch as
of yet.

"To be honest, it's not so much the bench," Cardoza said. "We have to get more
production from our starters, because our bench players are not really scorers.
Our starters have to do the bulk of the scoring for us, and we know that."

McCarthy said the team is looking to bounce back after the slow start.

"I don't know if I would call it pressure, but just urgency," McCarthy said.
"It's urgent that we come out to play every game."

The team still has time, as it is early in conference play and no one team in
the conference has really separated themselves from the rest of the pack. Big
road games against Dayton and Xavier await the Owls in the later part of
January.

"It's just going to be one of those seasons where you're going to have to fight
to the end," Cardoza said. "And that's been different for the conference since
I've been here, and that's what's exciting about it. You know that every single
night out you have to play your best basketball to give yourself a chance at the
end."

Brandon Stoneburg can be reached at brandon.stoneburg@temple.edu

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Hillsdale Collegian: Hillsdale College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Burglaries continue as neighbors rally to prevent break-ins

BYLINE: Caleb Whitmer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 422 words


Hillsdale's wave of house burglaries continued to escalate while students were
away on break.

During the week of Nov. 14, five houses were burglarized in Hillsdale. One of
them belongs to Marie-Claire Morellec, professor of French. Since then, home
burglaries have stayed common in Hillsdale.

In mid-December, the house of Joanna Wiseley's neighbor was burglarized.
Wiseley's grandparents, who live across the street from the burglarized house,
saw "a man in sweats" approach its side door. They thought nothing of it and
returned to what they were doing.

That man, after finding the side door locked, entered through an unlocked
window. When he exited through the same window, he took a laptop, some jewelry,
and a large jar filled with change.

After hearing about the burglary, Wiseley's neighborhood held a meeting and
organized a neighborhood watch. Wiseley said she is confident the police will
catch the man and said she "still feels safe."

"[The burglary] doesn't freak me out because I work during the day and I own a
dog," said Wiseley, director of Career Services. "I still feel safe, especially
with the neigh- borhood watch going on."

The Jackson Citizen Patriot reported on Jan. 20 that a few weeks earlier in
Hillsdale, a man posing as a police officer approached a house, warned its
residents to lock their doors, and then later returned and entered through an
unlocked door.

The man began rummaging through drawers when a woman, still inside the house
with children, called 911. He fled before police arrived.

The police released a composite sketch of the burglar. He is black, about 6 feet
3 inches tall, and between 40 and 50 years old. He is balding and has a looped
earring in his right ear.

The Morellec burglary was also unsuccessful, though the burglar remains at
large. After entering the home, he began placing Morellec's possessions into a
cardboard box. Morellec's neighbors spotted the man and called police.

Something tipped off the would-be burglar and he fled the house before police
arrived, but not, however, before leav- ing behind the cardboard box full of
Morellec's things.

At the time police suspected the intruder of having commit- ted at least four
other burglar- ies. He is now suspected of more than a dozen.

Police are urging city residents to make sure their houses are secure and to
report any suspicious activity.

"The more quickly we get the call, the quicker we can actually apprehend
someone," Detective Brad Martin told The Collegian on Dec. 1.

Hillsdale Public Safety's phone number is 517-437- 6460.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Hillsdale Collegian: Hillsdale College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Pro-Choice, the Conservative Option

BYLINE: Tyler ONeil

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 555 words


This week, tens of thousands of Americans in every state are attending rallies.
Twenty-four governors and four state legislatures have officially recognized
this celebration, and it wasn't Obama's State of the Union.

The federal government has standardized K-12 education long enough and people in
every state are taking a stand against it. That's what National School Choice
Week is all about: giving parents more options for the education of their
children.

Before I came to Hillsdale, I had only met one or two homeschoolers. I thought
they were an odd bunch: people not social enough for regular high school - and a
bit shifty-eyed to boot. Like the Amish, these ascetics vowed not to be ruled by
modern technology and enlightened civilization.

Who would have thought they were the civilized ones all along? I've never
counted, but I'd bet about half of my friends at Hillsdale were homeschooled.
Some of them learn much faster than I, and I admire the things their parents
taught them.

Fortunately, my own parents were very involved in my education. They enrolled me
in Dennison Elementary, a school well known for scoring highly on standardized
tests that only accepted students by lottery. After school they'd ask what I
learned guide me through important moral issues as they were raised. I was lucky
that my school was mostly conservative, so they didn't have to do as much work
correcting too many liberal biases.

From Dennison Elementary, I moved up to another school well known for high test
scores - D'Evelyn Junior Senior High School. I was well prepared for Hillsdale.

But I'll never forget passing by the other schools on the bus ride to Dennison.
Understaffed, with multiple classes in one room, Jefferson County Open School
struggled to teach its students anything. While I learned about math and
science, some of my peers still had to work on spelling. JCOS was the school
closest to Dennison, and I was glad that I didn't go there.

Many different people voice many different concerns about our educational
system: bad teachers, lazy students, and not enough technology ("infrastructure"
in Obama's words). But these are merely the symptoms of a much deeper disease. I
won't delve into a "culture war" diatribe, but I will say forty years after the
creation of the Department of Education, federal control of our schools has not
helped the situation.

Rather than a top-down system of bureaucracy, perhaps a bottom-up system of
choice would solve these complaints. More parental involvement in the education
of children would do more than keep both teachers and students on their toes, it
would incentivize responsibility.

Studies have shown the importance of a two-parent family to a child's health and
future success. Common sense recalls that two parents together can do more for
their children than one alone. When the family stays together, the parents will
be more involved in their children's education, and the government won't need to
be.

School choice encourages interested parents to get more involved in their
children's education. It won't totally solve the problem, but it will break the
chains of bureaucracy and unshackle American ingenuity by teaching our next
generation. It is a first step to cultural renewal, and it's happening all over
the country. I, for one, think this movement deserves celebration.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                The Griffon News: Missouri Western State College

                             January 2, 2012 Monday

Black History Keisha Caldwell

BYLINE: Ellis Cross

SECTION: LIFESTYLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1719 words


What attracted you to this line of work?

I went to Center for Multicultural Education programs beforehand and I really
liked the types of programs they provide to students regarding diversity, so
this definitely grabbed my into being in the office and coming up here and
talking to whoever was here.

Which black leader would you say is your role model?

Harriet Jacobs. She was born into slavery and her family were slaves. I saw a
play last semester - it was a trip that was provided by the Center for
Multicultural Education, and the play depicted her life. She was sexually
harassed by her master and she stood strong against him. She stood up against
him and wasn't afraid of him. She made the choice to have two children by a
white male lawyer and to make her master stop harassing her, but he didn't. So
she pretended to escape to the north, but really she was in her grandmother's
attic for several years. Learning about her story made me appreciate being a
young black woman with choices. Back then if you were a black woman, you didn't
have choices. You didn't have rights. You didn't have anything to protect you.
You didn't have leverage or anything like that. Her story truly made me
appreciate the choices I can make.

In what way do you think that black leaders have had the most impact on society?

Our black leaders are educated and articulate and that they are promoting change
in our community and inspiring young black men and women to follow in their
steps and push forward. So, to have our very first black President has
definitely impacted our community. You have various leaders that have given
people in communities that are probably known as statistics; you're giving them
hope. So, they've definitely impacted our community.

In the last ten years, how do you think black leaders have affected America?

I think they've brought about issues, certain issues in the black community,
such as poverty. I don't think anybody has truly paid attention to poverty in
the past 10 years, especially during the 1980s during the whole drug reign. Of
course I wasn't born until the last year of the 80s, but I read up on my
history. You would go into the communities and see black people strung out on
drugs but nobody really got down to how this was happening. So over the past 10
or even 20 years, you're starting to see people be aware of issues like poverty.
It's one of the biggest things, as well as education.

How was the election of the first black president effected your life?

That was just amazing. I was a sophomore at the time, a sophomore here. And I
remember seeing the "Vote or Shut Up" campaign where they had rallies and
events. The night that President Obama was elected, we were over in the CSE
watching it. It definitely impacted me because there was so much student
participation, no matter what race you were. There were so many students
involved in that election, it was amazing. I don't know how to describe the
initial feeling of it. I almost cried when he was delivering his speech. It just
gave you hope that you can go above and beyond. In the past there's always been
a white president. Never have you seen a color or anything like that. Now that
President Obama is president, you're starting to see more people of color
involved in politics. I truly appreciate that. Him being elected definitely gave
me hope that I can go above and beyond what people say is possible. He made the
impossible possible.

What does it take in your opinion to be a black leader in America?

You definitely have to stay true to your morals. Because if you're not, then
nobody that helped you get to where you are is going to believe in you anymore.
You've just got to have integrity and be true to yourself and true to your
constituents. Also, you definitely have got to be willing to speak up for
yourself. You have to stand up for what you believe in and be an advocate for
your community. You need to speak about the true issues at hand. Don't push your
own agenda, push what your constituents want. Know their wants and needs and
what your wants and needs are.

What do you hope students or people in general can learn from Black History
Month?

I would hope that they would want to learn more about black history beyond Black
History Month because, being involved in education and being a student, I only
hear about black history during Black History Month. I want black history to be
an actual class on this campus. I've talked to Dr. Daffron and she's looking
into it; I really want African-American history to be learned on this campus. I
want people to learn, beyond Black History Month, about everything. There's so
many things involved in black history that you just can't fit everything into 28
days. You just can't; you can't fit everything. It has to be brought out. It
takes a lot. There's stuff that I don't even know. I didn't know about Harriet
Jacobs until a few months ago. I want students to go above and beyond to learn
about black history - and not just people that are black. People that are white,
people who are Hispanic, people who are Indian - whatever. I want them to go
above and beyond and learn about black history because we are on a diverse
campus and in order for us to grow we're going to have to learn about people's
heritage. And I think it's important that if you are another race, you learn
about different race's heritages.

What do you feel is the most important aspect of multicultural studies?

Learning how to communicate with different cultures. Even beyond the language
line, but to learn how to communicate with them, how to talk with them and
express things to them. We're going to be out in the world soon. I've noticed
here that we are so in our bubbles. It's expected that if you're black, you're
going to hang out with black students and if you're white, you're going to hang
out with white students.  In college, it's still going on. What happens when you
go out into the real world and get a job? What happens if your employer might be
a different race from you? So how are you going to talk to them if all your life
you've been around your own culture? It's important to learn how to communicate
with others, learn how to handle situations, learn how to respect people and  be
sensitive to some things that you say. Because what you say, you may think has
no power, but it may have power to somebody else.

What do you believe is the biggest impact black leaders have made on society?

I think one, education. When Brown vs. Board of Education was passed, it was
definitely influential in integrating schools: allowing black and white students
to be all in the same school. I think that was tremendously important because
before then, you had schools that were for white students that were funded well,
they had busses, they did all this. But then you had black schools - they had
poor textbooks: the leftovers from the white schools. They didn't have any
busses - black students had to walk miles just to get to school. For schools to
be integrated, I think that was one of the biggest things ever. Back at home, I
was a part of the desegregation program where they take inner city kids, who are
mostly black, and they go out to suburban county schools. I was able to go to a
really good school. That was definitely influential because the St. Louis public
school system is not a good school district. It's so behind, and my mom didn't
tolerate that. She wanted us to get the best education. So when I transferred
over to my new school district, I had to catch up. I was behind about two
grades. I had to catch up, and I did, and it definitely influenced me to go to
college to go even higher to grad school. Brown vs. Board of Education was
influential. The second thing is voting. For black people to be allowed to vote,
I think that's one of the biggest rights that we have is to vote and voice your
opinion. I make sure any time there's an election, a primary, a midterm election
- I make sure I go out and vote. I don't care if I don't know the people on the
ballot - I research them. I watch the debates. I look up on the internet who's
the best candidate for me.

What do you hope students learn from your particular organization?

I hope people learn that we are what we call "the grass roots department." We
are small, but we are effective. Last semester we did the "what does it mean to
be" series. That series was focused on different social identities so, so we did
Latino in America, gay in America, black in America, religious, spiritual in
America - we pretty much hit everything. And it was very impacting. People are
still talking to this day about "are you going to do a part two?" It was so
impacting because you weren't listening to paid speakers, you were listening to
people on this campus talking about their adversities, their struggles, and how
they overcame. You listened to students, faculty, staff and community members
telling you and relating to you. That, to me, was definitely one of the most
impacting programs that we have put on and it cost nothing to put them on. It
was so impacting. I want students to come to the CME, come in, talk to us,
listen to what we have to say, be involved, because they are really going to
need it. They may not think they need it right now, but what we teach you in our
program is going to help you out throughout your lifetime. Trust and believe.

What impact do you believe culture has on the way people live and interact?

It definitely affects it. Especially your upbringing - what your parents teach
you and your friends. Cluture just has a huge impact on you. Hopefully, like for
me, I was growing up in a black household and my mom was very strict on family,
and I remember one time I said I hated my sister and she slapped the mess out of
me. She said "you never say you hate your sister." So, family values were truly
important. Also, with my culture, my mom taught me that I had to respect
everybody else. Don't use stereotypes, because I hear them a lot. My friends
might make a joke about someone being white or black. Of course, we have our own
stereotypes. Your culture can definitely bring out good qualities in you, but
sometimes people take those qualities and turn them bad. But it's important that
within your culture you learn about other cultures so you know how to act around
other people.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday

Gingrich wins South Carolina

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 354 words


Victory in South Carolina came swiftly for former House speaker Newt Gingrich on
Saturday and has turned the tables on the election early on.

At the end of a long 11-day fight, with all precincts reporting, Gingrich came
out ahead with just over 40 percent of the vote, Mitt Romney in second with 28
percent, Rick Santorum in third with 17 percent and Ron Paul bringing up the
rear with 13 percent, according to The Associated Press.

With his strong 12-point lead in South Carolina, Gingrich made a much-needed
comeback. Had ne not been so successful Saturday night, even he claimed his
campaign would be over, accordnig to The Washington Post.

"We don't have the kind of money that at least one of the candidates has,"
Gingrich said in his victory speech Saturday night. "But we do have ideas, and
we do have people."

His strong lead in the Palmetto state wasn't enough to discourage his fellow
candidates, however. Romney congratulated the former Speaker on his
"hard-fought" campaign and promised he would continue to put up a good fight.

"I'll keep fighting for every single vote," Romney said in a rally Saturday
night. "I will compete in every single state."

While a victory in South Carolina primary has resulted in presidential
nominations in the past, the candidates who won had also either taken Iowa or
New Hampshire, according to Fox News. This year, three candidates have each
claimed victory of one of those states: Rick Santorum in Iowa, Romney in New
Hampshire, and now Gingrich in South Carolina.

"Three states, three winners. What a great country," Santorum said after the
results were in.

Now the candidates move on to Florida where Romney currently holds a steady
18-point lead over Gingrich, according to Real Clear Politics. Despite being
out-voted Saturday night, Romney remains convinced that it's not over yet.

"Our president has divided the nation, engaged in class warfare and attacked the
free-enterprise system that has made America the economic envy of the world,"
Romney told The Washington Post. "We cannot defeat that president with a
candidate who has joined in that very assault on free enterprise."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bullet: Mary Washington

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Green Movement Celebrates Dual Legislative Wins

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 573 words


A recent statement from the White House rejected TransCanada's application for a
permit to build the Keystone XL pipeline. The proposed pipeline would travel
1,700 miles from Hardisty, Alberta, Canada to southeastern Texas, taking the oil
from its source to American oil refineries along the Gulf of Mexico.

President Obama issued a statement on Wednesday, Jan. 18 saying that the current
TransCanada permit application had been rejected to ensure the "health and
safety" of Americans.

However, this does not mean that the pipeline project has completely halted.
TransCanada will be allowed to resubmit their permit application, providing that
they reroute the pipeline to avoid sensitive habitats in the Nebraskan
Sandhills, according to White House press releases.

Critics of the pipeline argue that the safety of America's agricultural
heartland and the health of American citizens will be threatened with the
pipeline. According to the Tar Sands Action website a TransCanadian pipeline
similar in construction to the proposed Keystone XL has experienced 12 spills in
one year. Crude oil spills can affect the water table, endangering human health
and impacting animal habitat and population.

Other concerns include the effects of the process through which the oil will be
extracted from the Canadian Tar Sands, a process that will contribute to
greenhouse gases and impact climate change, according to the Natural Resources
Defense Council's press release on the pipeline.

Junior Emily Sherman said that the recent developments on the environmental
front have been "a long time coming."

A member of the Ecology Club, Sherman is excited about politicians' recent
response to pressure from environmentalists.

"Politicians and decision makers are making it their responsibility to face
environmental problems in a new and serious manner," Sherman said.

She and other members of the Ecology Club have been active in pressuring
lawmakers to reject the Keystone Pipeline, as well as fighting against other
environmental injustices.

The "Keep the Ban" campaign, another hot button environmental issue for
Virginians this year, also celebrated a success last week. Virginia Gov. Bob
McDonnell announced last Thursday that he would not support lifting the ban on
uranium mining this year.

McDonnell supported his statement by saying that he is requesting further
studies be completed before mining is allowed to begin.

UMW junior Graham Givens organized October's Keep the Ban rally on campus. He
emphasized that this progress is a small victory, but that ultimately the
campaign to keep Virginia from uranium mining is far from over.

"This [decision] means that we cannot turn our backs on this and we must
continue to put pressure on our legislators," said Givens.

Following McDonnell's decision last week, critics of uranium mining insist that
Virginia citizens must not let this issue fall to the wayside, according to the
Keep the Ban website.

Melanie Szulczewski, assistant professor of Earth and Environmental Sciences, is
a member of the President's Council on Sustainability at UMW. Szulczewski was
optimistic by the recent developments in environmental issues.

The recent breaks in environmental campaigns prove that "energy decisions for
big businesses are no longer no-brainer governmental arrangements," Szulczewski
said.

She is amazed by the efforts of "a diverse group of students" at UMW who rallied
around these important environmental issues.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Presidential race 2012

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 653 words


So you want to follow the election, huh? Want to make an educated decision when
you cast your vote for the next president of the United States? Of course you
do! After all, you only get this chance once every four years.

But let's be real - all that political jargon, mudslinging and keeping up with
the debates is boring, not to mention hard to sift through, right? Wrong! Before
you know it, you'll know how to follow the election, but first you've got to
know how it works.

For starters, let's review how the nomination process works. First, candidates
begin campaigning long before the actual election process starts, establishing
their platforms, creating television ads and otherwise getting their names out
in the open. Then, in January of election year, the primaries and caucuses
start.

Now, the difference between a primary and a caucus is good to know. In a
primary, ballots are private, whereas in a caucus people gather together locally
and openly decide which candidate to nominate. Make sense so far? Good. Moving
on.

So, the first six months of an election year is the time when the candidates
will travel from state to state and campaign for the votes of the people.
Throughout their time there, candidates will hold rallies and participate in
debates to help citizens know where they stand on the issues. When it's time for
that state to vote, the candidate with the most votes takes the state. Simple
enough?

Well, it's a little more complicated than that. You see, depending on its
population size, each state is assigned a certain number of Republican and
Democratic representatives, called delegates. In July, once all the states have
voted, the delegates from every state get together at what's called the national
party convention. There the delegates will cast their votes and the final
presidential candidate from each party is determined (though it's usually clear
by the end of the primaries who the candidate will be).

For example, Utah has 34 Democratic delegates and 40 Republican delegates. The
Republican who wins Utah will earn the votes of all 40 delegates in the national
Republican Party convention.

The Democrats, however, do things a little differently. Rather than using a
"winner takes all" method, they divvy out delegates proportionally depending on
the number of votes each candidate gets. Lucky for you though, this year you'll
only have to worry about the Republican nomination. (Since President Barack
Obama is running for re-election, he's already considered the Democratic
nominee.)

That's all there is to it, folks! Now you're ready to learn how to actually
follow the election so you can make an informed decision.

As many of you probably already know from hearing names thrown around in the
news, the Republican candidates currently are Rep. Ron Paul, R-Texas; former
U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich; former Sen. Rick Santorum, R-Pa.; and former
Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney. The easiest way to keep up on each of their
platforms will be to review their websites (Google search works well to find
each of them) and watch the debates. (I know, I know, but you're going to have
to make some sacrifices to educate yourself!)

To review polls of how each candidate is doing in each state (or in the election
as a whole) try RealClearPolitics.com, click "Polls" on the top of the page and
then "Latest Polls." You'll be able to specify which state's polls you want to
view on the left sidebar. They also have a calendar listing when the debates,
primaries and caucuses will be. You can find it by clicking "Election 2012"; on
the home page and then "Election Calendar."

You can also try google.com/elections. There you can review the issues, keep up
on the candidates and find news articles and videos. This is a great and easy
way to keep up on everything that's going on in the election.

There you have it! You're officially an expert on following the election!

Now, go forth and vote!

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                           January 28, 2012 Saturday

BYU loses to Saint Mary's in physical game

BYLINE: Scott Hansen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 517 words


To see more photos of the game, check out our Facebook page.

It was like a hockey game on a basketball court with bodies slamming into each
other, and players hitting the floor throughout the hard-fought game between the
BYU and Saint Mary's men's basketball teams on Saturday at the Marriott Center.

Brandon Davies reacts after a call by the refs Saturday night at the Marriott
Center. BYU lost to St. Mary's 80-66.

"I think that both teams competed really well," BYU head coach Dave Rose said.
"I was really concerned about how hard we could play. Defensively, we were able
to handle it better than offensively. We got them in some real difficult spots,
and were able to turn them over but we weren't able to take that energy and
emotion and then calm down and execute offensively like we needed to."

Saint Mary's (21-2, 10-0) pulled away late in the first half with a 10-0 run to
put the Gaels up by double digits in the first half with a 40-28 lead. Senior
guard Clint Steindl led the attack in the first half with 14 points on 4-for-6
shooting from beyond the arc.

"We relied on zone a lot lately in these games," senior forward Noah Hartsock
said. "[Steindl] came in and hit those 3s and they did a great job of spacing
the floor and using the time. So we had to go back to man-to-man."

In the second half, the Gaels took their largest lead of 23 points and looked to
put away the Cougars early in the half. But then freshman guard Matt Carlino
took control of the game, scoring nine straight points for BYU and bringing the
Cougars within nine.

"They were just calling my number a little bit more there at the end," Carlino
said. "I think both teams were playing really hard. We were going really fast
and up tempo."

While Carlino pulled the Cougars within single digits, St. Mary's, aided by a
technical on BYU coach Dave Rose, held off the BYU rally late.

The 3-point shooting woes continued for the Cougars, as they shot only 15.4
percent from beyond the arc compared with 38.9 percent from the Gaels. Saint
Mary's shot 55.8 percent from the floor for the entire game, which was almost
the exact same percentile they shot in the first match-up of the teams in
December.

"They're a really physical team," Rose said. "Their physical presence caused us
to rush things a little, but we had a lot of good looks that we didn't make
too."

The Cougars have shot just 11-for-73 from beyond the arc in the last four games,
for a 15 percent average.

"We just need to knock them down," Carlino said. "Sometimes teams go through
droughts. Ours is coming at a tough spot, but we have some great shooters. We'll
be fine."

Hartsock and Carlino each had 15 points, while junior forward Brandon Davies
added 14 points and seven rebounds for the Cougars.

Junior guard Matthew Dellavedova was held scoreless in the first half for the
Gaels, but had 10 second half points. Freshman forward Brad Waldow led all
scorers with 19 points and eight rebounds, while Steindl had 16 and senior
forward Rob Jones added 13.

The Cougars are off until Thursday, Feb. 2 when they host Gonzaga at the
Marriott Center, in another big WCC matchup.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              Daily Bruin: University of California - Los Angeles

                           January 18, 2012 Wednesday

Funding proposal by students is the kind of innovative solution UC leaders
should look into

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 479 words


We're tired of hearing the same tedious talking points from the University of
California leadership. At the UC Board of Regents' meeting Wednesday, they
repeated their stale refrain: "Lobby legislators, increase tuition."The one
novel idea came not from regents but from students.A group of students at UC
Riverside, including the editorial board of the school's newspaper, is proposing
a funding model where students would no longer pay tuition. Instead, after
graduating, students would pay 5 percent of their income for 20 years.In conast,
Chair Sherry Lansing announced that the board would move an upcoming meeting
from UC San Francisco to Sacramento and host a rally encouraging legislators and
the governor to raise funds for the university.The regents presented another
reiteration of a tired idea "" in March 2010, UC President Mark Yudof and Regent
Russell Gould joined students in a day of lobbying at the Capitol.Though these
efforts are commendable, the fact remains that there are many interest groups
competing for state funds.

And many public programs have lobbies much songer Â­Â­and better-funded than the
UC's.It is disappointing that the meat of the regents' activity is to pull off a
grand publicity stunt that has a song chance of failing to make a difference.If
the regents want to go public, they should focus their efforts on Gov. Jerry
Brown's tax initiative for the November ballot. The measure, which polls show
has considerable public backing, would raise the sales tax and income taxes for
the wealthy to support higher education and leaven the state general fund.The
most refreshing phase of the dialogue at the regents meeting centered on the "UC
Student Investment Proposal" from UC Riverside students, which they say could
iple the university's revenues over the next 20 years.Yudof said that the plan
was "consuctive," and that his office will look at it closely.Though the idea
should be seriously scrutinized before moving forward, this is the first
innovative, long-term solution in years that would help balance the UC's budget
without burdening students and families.The UC leadership's last stab at
designing a blueprint for the university was a proposal that would raise tuition
for four consecutive years by 8 to 16 percent.State funding for the UC is at an
all-time low, and this end is not going to radically reverse. It is widely
recognized that the university needs to find a coherent plan for dealing with
this problem.A significant accomplishment at the regents' meeting was that the
UC leadership showed a willingness to seriously listen to students. Nathan
Brosom and Paick Lenz, financial executives for the UC, even talked the idea
over with the editor-in-chief of UC Riverside's student paper prior to the
meeting.Both sides came together to consider a plan that could be a game-changer
in the way the university operates.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                      The Chronicle: Quinnipiac University

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Stephen Colbert's fake bid for the presidency

BYLINE: Jamie Hill

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 831 words


A couple of Thursday nights ago, Comedy Cenal comedian Stephen Colbert announced
on his nightly talk show "The Colbert Report" his intention to explore a
presidential bid in South Carolina. Not an avid Colbert watcher myself, I heard
about the curious news the following night on "The Daily Show" hosted by
Colbert's bestie and self-proclaimed business partner, Jon Stewart. I remember
thinking "Is he serious?" and searching Google News for the uth.Jamie HillLet's
face it, sometimes you can't immediately tell if the Comedy Cenal late-night
sweethearts are summoning satire if you're not totally up-to-date with the
political coverage of the campaign season that is heating up.

After reading more about Colbert's presidential run (which is fake) and "The
Definitely Not Coordinating with Stephen Colbert Super PAC" (which is real),
it's hard to discern the comedians' wiggling eyebrows as their smirks say "Ha,
isn't this ridiculous what I am saying to you right now?"This is a case in which
King Colbert has asked for too much of Americans with only a casual or minimal
interest in politics. Colbert's "campaign" team can't assume that the average
American will know that Colbert can't actually run for president in the correct
sense because his pseudo-candidacy came too late (among other things), even for
a write-in ballot. The Unaware of Colbert population possibly won't understand
his mock support of former front-runner Herman Cain, who in fact dropped out of
the race in December.Cain agreed to participate in the "Rock Me like a Herman
Cain: South Cain-olina Primary Rally" on Jan. 20, which broadcast Colbert's
apparent support of the former Godfather's Pizza CEO. According to some, like
Mitch Potter of the Washington Bureau, Cain somehow remains unaware that he is
the butt of a very clever joke. According to other sources like ABC News, Cain
is apparently in on the joke but is politely using the opportunity to show
Americans he can "lighten up."The gamble, perhaps unsurprisingly, failed, when
the Cain/Colbert ticket garnered only 1 percent of the vote in the South
Carolina primary, according to another Politico.com post. Although I'm still
unsure as to whether the Colbert campaign considers this to be a failure,
because the actual desired result of the slightly ouageous bid is unknown, at
least to me.One meaty component of Colbert's campaign is the "The Definitely Not
Coordinating with Stephen Colbert Super PAC," a poke at the fairly new use of
Super PACs in election campaigns.A PAC, or Political Action Committee, is
ostensibly a group of people organized to raise money for an individual
candidate's campaign, according to the Center for Responsive Politics's website.
The recent rise of the Super PAC means a new kind of group created July 2010
that can raise and spend basically unlimited money for campaigns.Colbert let his
pal Jon Stewart take over, thereby showing how convenient it can be to sidestep
legal limitations. Stewart, proclaimed "President For Life For Ever" of the
Colbert Super PAC, continues to let air out of the PAC balloon by making obvious
mockeries of the PAC system. His Jan. 17 program showed Stewart sporting a
jeweled crown while Mario Batali prepared (and ate) a frittata con le erbe, all
in the name of independent campaign expenditures.Colbert is hoping that citizens
of the Colbert Nation are educated enough to know that a tiara and fancy egg
dish represent the ridiculous idea that Stewart, while technically not
"coordinating" with Colbert, can spend excessive amounts of cash in the name of
the PAC. Viewers are meant to watch and hear this while simultaneously
understanding that the self-proclaimed faux newsmen are throwing America a
clever lampoon.What I don't think they counted on was that the American public
simply isn't as educated about the political election process as our forefathers
once hoped. I'm not saying this applies to everyone, for sure, this is when
political science students have their field day. It's almost easier to watch
Colbert's fake run for president and turn that into our reality because he
speaks to us in a language we better understand. It is sometimes impossible to
follow the Republican presidential nominations as closely as Colbert and Stewart
might hope, especially the financial aspects of the campaign processes.The stint
ended Monday night during "The Colbert Report" when the funnyman said, "It is
with a heavy heart and a spastic colon that I'm re-suspending Herman Cain's
suspended campaign. Also, I'm hereby officially ending my exploratory committee
to run for the president of the United States of South Carolina."So this pseudo
presidential run is more than just a joke. Colbert and Stewart (and the Comedy
Cenal team, I'm sure) have bridged comedy and a real political process in an
unprecedented way to spread knowledge to Generation Y. The efforts of the
short-lived "Colbert for President of the United States of South Carolina"
quasi-campaign remain to be seen.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              Daily Bruin: University of California - Los Angeles

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Women's basketball battles back fatigue in overtime win against Colorado

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 397 words


At halftime of the UCLA women's basketball game against Colorado, the score was
24-23 in the Buffaloes' favor. The point differential had decreased to zero by
the end of regulation play, with senior guard Rebekah Gardner scoring the
game-tying basket 14 seconds before time ran out. In a game with six lead
changes and neither team leading by more than eight, UCLA (10-10, 5-4 Pac-12)
and Colorado (15-5, 4-5) matched each other side for side through two halves of
play Sunday afternoon.

But at the end of 40 grueling minutes, it was the Bruins who were a little less
tired. UCLA surged ahead in overtime to defeat Colorado 62-54."We were just ying
to sing two wins together," Gardner said. "I just happened to have the ball when
time was running down in regulation. Even in overtime, we had this mindset that
we were not going to lose."Playing at a higher altitude than they are used to,
the team admitted that fatigue started to play a larger role as Sunday's game
wore on. But thanks to some sategic timeouts, UCLA was able to catch its breath
long enough to pull out the win."All we kept saying was, "~You are not tired.'
Mariah Williams is from Colorado and she just kept motivating us, telling us
that we weren't tired and to keep pushing," junior guard/forward Markel Walker
said. Walker led the way for the Bruins throughout the game, tying a career-high
24 points with 10 rebounds. She started UCLA on an 8-0 run in overtime with a
layup, totaling six of the Bruins' 16 points in exa minutes. "She's a nightmare
for anyone to guard," said coach Cori Close on Walker. "In reality, she can hit
the perimeter jumper. When she's hitting those, she's very hard to match up
with. She's so song on the interior and she's the best rebounder I've ever
coached. I'm really proud of how she came out to play today. For her to rally
this team, it really means a lot."The Bruins were tenacious on defense
throughout the game and their hustle was well rewarded. UCLA forced Colorado to
commit 25 turnovers, stealing the ball 12 times. "We just really wanted to focus
on our defense," Walker said. "In every huddle we had on the court, we just
talked about rebounding and defense. That was our main point throughout the
game."The win against Colorado, along with Thursday's victory over Utah, gave
UCLA wins in consecutive games against conference opponents for the first time
this season.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              Daily Bruin: University of California - Los Angeles

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Spirited stands help UCLA men's volleyball win against UCSB

BYLINE: Kevin Bowman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 580 words


The team loped past the court, not dressed in the usual blue, but instead
wearing bright pinks, yellows and greens. It was not the UCLA men's volleyball
team wearing the flamboyant clothes and zany wigs, but rather the men's water
polo team whose energy in the stands helped propel UCLA to its 20th consecutive
set win and a 3-0 victory over No. 15 UC Santa Barbara (2-5, 0-3 Mountain
Pacific Sports Federation) on Friday.No. 3 UCLA (9-1, 4-0) overcame an unusually
slow start to the match, going on to sweep Santa Barbara in three sets, 25-18,
25-20 and 25-19.As they watched their team cling to an 11-8 lead in the first
set, UCLA students in Collins Court erupted as the parade of water polo players
rushed through the crowd. With cheers and chants echoing throughout the
building, the Bruins fed off that energy and scored 11 of the next 15 points,
pushing their lead to 10."It was a huge momentum booster and I think it rattled
the other team a little bit," redshirt senior quick hitter Weston Dunlap said of
the rowdy water polo team. "I think we were tied or very close when they came
in, then we started going on a run, so it was huge for us."Even coach Al Scates
acknowledged the impact the water polo team made on the game."We really like it
when they show up.

It adds a lot of atmosphere," Scates said. "One of the water polo players
dropped by my office (Friday) afternoon and said, "~Coach, could you extend the
match? We're having a good time here and it's over too soon.' (laughs) Well, no.
Not if we can help it."Redshirt senior outside hitter Jeremy Casebeer, who
finished with a team-high 10 points, pointed out that the smaller court in the
John Wooden Center only makes the crowd more of a problem for opponents."It's
always fun to play in that kind of environment," Casebeer said. "Especially now
that we're in Wooden, we can really pack people in and really have that home
court advantage. In Pauley (Pavilion, where the team played prior to the
building's renovation), you can have 3,000 people and you'd never know. Here you
get 500 and it's packed, so we really appreciate them coming out."In the second
set, the Bruins jumped out to a quick 8-3 lead before ading points for most of
the remainder of the game, finishing with a 25-20 win. UCLA's ability to get
early leads has been key to their success this season. Scates said serving is
the main component of the team's ability to sing points together."Well, we start
out serving the ball hard and we get aces and the other team passes the ball
badly, and that puts our big block into conol," Scates said. "Every server is
capable of running off several points, and that's how you win."The Bruins got
off to another quick start in the third set, jumping ahead 5-1, but the Gauchos
took advantage of some sloppy play by the Bruins to rally and tie the game at 14
all."We got a little lackadaisical," Casebeer said. "We let a few balls go down
that we shouldn't have. ... We can't let that happen, can't get complacent."The
Bruins then went on an 11-5 run to close out the set, 25-19, and win the
match.UCLA's defense held Santa Barbara to .125 hitting percentage and amassed
12 blocks. The defense was backed up by a song offensive performance as well, as
the team hit .432."We just want to crush teams," Dunlap said. "We're so set on
not letting up in any game, so we're rolling with it. We talk about it a lot and
we know that we just want to come out and do the best we can in every game and
not let up."

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The North Wind: Northern Michigan University

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Face-Bomb blows up Upfront & Co.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 496 words


By Alicia StanekUpfront & Company will be presenting a night filled with music,
dancing and bombs; Face-Bomb and Driftless Pony Club will perform at 9 p.m. on
Sunday, Jan. 22.Face-Bomb will also be doing a pre-show by themselves at 10 p.m.
on Saturday, Jan. 21 at Merlot Mansion in Marquette.

"Come for a double dose of Face-Bomb," said Brad Miles, who plays guitar and
sings for Face-Bomb.Face-Bomb members include Jackson Lang on drums and vocals,
Miles on guitar and vocals and Wil Jessup on bass and vocals. They started when
Lang and Miles met outside of class."Nothing is complicated about music," Miles
said.Both Jessup and Miles have had previous experiences in other bands before
Face-Bomb. Jessup used to be the bass player in Five Finger Discount and Miles
used to play drums with a boy-punk band named Riot 49. Like many other bands,
choosing a name proved more difficult than they wanted it to be, Miles said. The
name Face-Bomb came about through frusation and sarcasm of picking a name. "Our
music is pretty much a bomb going off in your face," Lang said. They have only
played in a couple of venues including a previous show at Merlot Mansion, but
they say they talk about themselves a lot so people know who they are. "To the
over-worked and under-appreciated, there is reprieve," Jessup said. "There is
Face-Bomb." They will be using their set at Upfront & Company to help release
their second EP, which is much like an album, but with fewer songs. "The show
will be something that you can really sink your teeth into," Lang said.Face-Bomb
is joined by the Driftless Pony Club, from Chicago. With more than 10 years on
the DIY indie rock circuit, Driftless Pony Club has harnessed the power of
YouTube to expose their angular, 90s-style indie rock to a widespread fan base
outside of the mainseam music indusy. Lead singer Craig Benzine, also known as
Wheezy Waiter, has accumulated more than 350,000 YouTube subscribers and has
pulled in fans from all corners of the world. The crew, Craig Benzine on guitar
and vocals, Matt Weber on guitar, keyboards and vocals, Sam Grant on bass and
vocals and Nate Bartley on drums have packed venues in cities across the United
States. "The fun part of being in a band is getting to see new places and meet
new people," Grant said.They are influenced by bands like The Pixies, Weezer and
Modest Mouse. Driftless Pony Club has released three full length LPs and an EP.
Their most recent album, "Buckminster," drew inspiration from the life and works
of visionary architect, Buckminster Fuller.The band hopes to release their next
album by the end of June 2012.The Driftless Pony Club members all graduated from
the University of Wisconsin-Madison and have been together for more than 12
years. "We're excited to come play," Grant said. "Come see the show, and we
promise you will have an awesome time."Tickets are sold at the door for $5 for
21 and up and $8 for under 21. For more information call Upfront at (906)
228-5200.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The North Wind: Northern Michigan University

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Middle East democracy will take time to achieve

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 445 words


Guest Column by Ryan SmithFor anyone who hasn't noticed, the war in Iraq is over
and has been for nearly two months now. When the last U.S. oops crossed the
border into Kuwait there was no fanfare, no parade, and nothing here state side
to mark the ending of the eight year war that seemed to have so many in this
couny caring about what happened in Iraq. No one really cared; it was just the
cool thing to be opposed to on college campuses and in coffee shops.

The criticism is still there today. Everyone loves to show how the United States
"failed" because Iraq has been left with a weak cenal government fighting to
keep conol of the couny. Civil unrest and violence still occurs once in awhile.
People are still left without basic services and the Iraqi Army, while able to
deal with internal threats, could not hope to stand up to a foreign threat.
There is no denying these facts, but does this really mean democracy has failed
and that the United States failed? Perhaps we should not be so quick to judge
and declare failure. Freedom is not easy and democracy takes time, creating a
nation takes time and there are growing pains. Consider our own couny's origins.
We were a couny with a weak federal government and no national identity. We were
fiercely divided over how our new constitution should be written and the role
government would play. Violence between rival political parties was almost
common place. Our military was so weak that even dealing with the small Whiskey
Rebellion was a major suggle and our ability to deal with outside threats was
nonexistent. Our government paid ransom to the Barbary States to allow our
merchant ships to pass freely through the Mediterranean Sea until 1803. During
the War of 1812 against England, our nation's capital was sacked and burned: a
pretty rough start to a nation by any standard. But our nation grew and
persevered through the worst of it all, even after nearly 100 years of existence
and enduring a civil war that cost over 200,000 people their lives. Iraq, and
point of fact, all the new democracies of the Middle East have their growing
pain to go through, just as we did, just as every other nation earth has done.
Freedom and democracy takes time, hard work, sacrifice and sometimes even blood
to succeed. This is a price paid by thousands across the world. Maybe we should
not be so quick to write them off and to write off the sacrifices we made there.
Change does not occur over night and it does not come easy. It has never come
easy for any nation in history. We should all keep this in mind before we pass
judgment on Iraq and the new democracies of the Middle East. History has a lot
to teach us.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                           Loquitur: Cabrini College

                            January 29, 2012 Sunday

Business professor helps train leaders in new Libya

BYLINE: Laura Hancq

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 750 words


Vonya Womack standing with Iman Bugaighis, the spokesperson for the Feb. 17th
coalition.Assistant professor of business, Vonya Womack in Libya for Leadership
Institute aining.The hub of the Arab Spring, Libya has been a couny of upheaval
for the past year.  Words associated with the movement include youth, riots,
technology, corruption, government and leadership.It is that last word that
sikes the connection between this far away couny and Cabrini College assistant
professor of business, Vonya Womack, who aveled to Libya from Jan. 1-18 to
provide aining for the Leadership Institute.Womack worked closely with Iman
Bugaighis, an orthodontist who ansfigured into the spokesperson for the Feb 17th
coalition. Bugaighis and 12 other committee members helped oversee Libya after
the revolution and through the post-Gadhafi turmoil."There is a huge need in
Libya to help ain people in conflict and mediation," Womack said.

"They ask for that."The Leadership Institute consisted of 10 days at the
Benghazi Hospital where she ained professionals from the Minisy of Health,
medical professionals and hospital staff, as well as professors, lawyers and
judges alongside fellow American Lisa Gibson, executive director of Peace
Prosperity and Alliance, located in Colorado Springs, Colo. Gibson has a
personal tie to Libya, as agic as it may be. Her brother was on the PanAm flight
over Lockerbie that Gadhafi was accused of desoying. She has turned her personal
devastation into a commitment to the Libyan people.There were four Americans and
one French person also working at the Leadership Institute through a program
called Silk Roads. Womack was able to assist them in cross-aining intercultural
intelligence to Afghan leaders and community workers.Because of her teaching
profession, Womack felt a very close connection to the city of Benghazi.
Benghazi was neglected and tortured by Gadhafi because of the intellectuals who
inhabit the city through the University. She states that every professor she met
had been thrown in jail at some point by Gadhafi."If you were an intellectual in
Libya, you always feared for your life," Womack said. "The more you knew, the
more of a danger you were."Understanding the suffering Libyans have endured
under the dictator makes the need for communication throughout the Middle East
great, especially between the revolutionaries and the new government. People
want change immediately and maybe rightfully so after so much wrongdoing to them
but realistically, governments and counies take time to adapt."People do not
understand that it will probably take at least two months for the government to
ansition. There is a real fear of the young people," Womack said. "The elections
are in June and I hope that it stays stable until then but it is a process of
changing. America did not become what it was without any conflict."The type of
communication and management aining that Womack did in Libya is crucial. In a
couny that has been ruled by a dictator, there is great need for new leaders to
be ained with successful tactics.Understanding the cultural cues is key to a
successful aining problem. Womack found little differences amongst the people of
Libya that really made a big impact. For example, she saw firsthand how Libyans
value relationships and how that is key for others in understanding their
desires and goals for the future."Libyans are very relational, they take care of
relationships or settle a debate before they show up on time," Womack said.Many
professionals in global development agree that a key to successful growth is the
assistance of those in developed counies but that those who aid cannot think
they can just come in and force the "American way" upon an entirely different
society. Therefore, the type of work Womack did is of the most successful kind:
seeing and learning the cultural differences and helping leaders learn the most
successful practices for effective management and communication so their couny
may know sustainability and prosperity.In the future, Womack would like to take
college students on a cross-cultural experience to the Middle East. She lives by
the quote, "qaa qaa darya mEsha," which means, "drop by drop a river is
made.""You learn so much more than you can ever give. If nobody does anything,
nothing changes," Womack said. "You see sometimes it may just be the little
things that get a process going and for me the reward is watching the process
develop even if it was only a drop that I could contribute."

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Georgetown Voice: Georgetown University

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Nomadic's acts are Un-f**king-Believable

BYLINE: Heather Regen

SECTION: LEISURE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 689 words


"I was high as heck and I just wanted to love things." Channeling a
well-intentioned hippie at the beginning of the production, it's a shock to see
Addison Williams (COL '14) morph into a sociopathic killer in the span of a few
short hours. Yet Nomadic Theatre's Night of One-Act Plays encourages this kind
of versatility. While he plays the lovable Truman in John
Behlmann'sUn-f**king-Believable, Williams casts off the character to take on a
darker role in Neil LaBute'sCoax. Brought together on a sparse stage, the plays
in Nomadic's Night of One-Acts don't sync together intuitively, but they combine
to provide the audience with a wonderful range of theatre.

Un-f**king-Believable andWaiting for Philip Glass, directed by Hannah Hauer-King
(COL '14), capture the same devastation and loss of romance in remarkably
different situations. True to its title,Un-f**king-Believable spells out the
anxiety and tensions of a young relationship in a string of profanity-laced
lines. A perfect foil for the laid-back Truman, his girlfriend Phoebe embodies
the high-strung, crazy girlfriend. But despite her initial abrasiveness, she
grows more endearing as the play goes on.

Such turns of character prove difficult given the plays' short lengths. "It's
about what can be achieved in 20 minutes," Hauer-King said. "You can't simply
capture one emotion. You have to present Pheobe as she is, and then turn back
and have her win the audience's affection. It's certainly a challenge."

Referencing Henry Kissinger, jazz, and summer ranches, Waiting for Philip Glass
contrasts strikingly withUn-f**king-Believable's nonchalance toward Thai hookers
and hash-fuelled bachelor parties. Rather than focusing on the tumultuous
relationships of twenty-somethings, the play captures the slowly suffocating
social bounds of life in the Hamptons. Whitney McAniff (COL '12) excellently
captures the fragility of Spencer, a B-list socialite desperately trying to
entertain her circle of friends. Loves cedes to practicality inWaiting for
Philip Glass, as Spencer surrenders hope when the man she loves marries a member
of the vapid elite.

Grounding the four disparate plays, the stage changes little throughout each of
the one-acts. Paintings on the walls morph from posters of oversized album
covers to seemingly expensive abstract art, while the furniture adopts different
pillows or disappears entirely. This simplicity lends to smooth transitions, and
gives an unusual but refreshing focus to lighting and music.

Liars Club andCoax take full advantage of this focus, using both music and
lighting to engage the audience and challenge the conception of reality on
stage. AsCoax slowly draws the audience out of its comfort zone, breaking the
fourth wall and encouraging students to interrupt the actors, chill-inducing
music from the balletRight of Spring plays. Nostalgic for a time when riots
exploded over groundbreaking theatre, as happened atRight of Spring's premier in
1913,Coax dares the audience to react, to recreate a time when, as Williams'
character says, "theatre meant something."

"I was drawn to these plays because they fly in the face of theatrical
convention," Brendan Quinn (COL '14), director ofCoax andLiars Club, said. And
they certainly do. Williams' character assures the audience, even as he tells
them of his plans to kill a young woman, "it's still theatre, it's absolutely
theatre."

The same bending of truth occurs inLiars Club, as the actors goad the audience
into clapping for unspeakable deeds they supposedly carried out, from raping an
unconscious babysitter to pouring urine on an old woman. And even while Danny
Sullivan (MSB '14) delivers the line "acting is lying," he grapples with the
blend of theatre and reality throughout the production. "If I give a genuine
reaction during a play, does that make it more or less true?"

Bringing four plays together, Nomadic Theatre's Night of One-Acts not only
captures the audience, but also asks them to participate along with the
socialites and sociopaths on stage. By subtly breaking the fourth wall, it ends
up offering a satisfyingly different experience than traditional theater.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Columbia Chronicle: Columbia College

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

The art of funds

BYLINE: Alexandra Kukulka

SECTION: CAMPUS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 549 words


The lights dim, and on stage, performers are in position to start their dance as
an orchestra lifts its instruments in preparation for the conductor to give the
cue. As the audience waits in anticipation for what comes next, few stop to
think about the show's expenses, which could be costly.

In an effort to ease the burden on the performing arts, the National Endowment
for the Arts recently gave Columbia's Dance Center and the Chicago Jazz Ensemble
grants for different projects. The Dance Center was given $30,000 and the CJE
received $10,000.

"It is satisfying and gratifying [to receive a grant from the NEA]," said Phil
Reynolds, executive director of the Dance Center. "The NEA is an important
funding agency here in the United States, if not for the actual amount of money,
but for some of the [recognition]."

According to Reynolds, the Dance Center's grant will finance three one-week
residencies with international contemporary dance companies in the 2012-2013
academic year, including CoisCéim Dance from Ireland, the Delfos Contemporary
Dance Company from Mexico and the Yin Mei/Hong Kong Dance Company from China.

The grant money will go toward the fees for the professional artists who are
coming to Chicago from around the world, though the NEA grant isn't the only one
the Dance Center received for the project,Reynolds said.

"In each of [these] residencies, there will be series of public performances and
also a number of opportunities for the artist to interact with Columbia
students," he said.

According to Reynolds, enhancing the curriculum in the Dance Department,
exposing contemporary trends in international dance and strengthening Chicago
communities through off-campus events are the goals of the project.

"The $30,000 from the NEA is but a very small slice of the overall pie in terms
of the expense on these projects," he said.

On the other hand, the CJE was granted $10,000 for a project called Brick and
Motor Cities. Collaboration with artists in Newark, N.J. and Detroit is the most
important aspect of the project, according to Kate Dumbleton, executive director
of the CJE.

The creation and development of multimedia programs and other works that exhibit
musical narratives and contemporary mediations on the riots in Newark and
Detroit during summer 1967 were the inspiration for this project, said Dana
Hall, director of the CJE.

Dumbleton and Hall worked together to come up with ideas for potential
collaborators who offer multidisciplinary work.

Brick and Motor Cities is a big project that will take 18 months to develop, so
it is set up in three phases to keep the audience informed, Dumbleton said.

"One of the things we wanted to do was to make the process open for audiences to
be a part of, so that rather than us just going off in a corner and developing
this work and then presenting it, all parts of the project would be open to
audiences to kind of participate and witness," Dumbleton said.

According to her, the CJE has not yet decided what the grant will go toward, but
it was originally slated to develop a commission and workshops.

"It is not as if [receiving the grant] came as a surprise, or that it was a new
source of funding," Reynolds said. "I don't take one grant proposal for granted,
but we have been recipients of NEA grants for a long time."

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                           The Post: Ohio University

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Let's Be Unreasonable Here: Obama's ride can do everything but clear curbs

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 624 words


Here's something Obama Girl forgot to mention.

We all know that the president of the United States has to have a nice ride. But
I'm sure most of us didn't expect him to ride in, essentially, a flashy tank.

And I'm not exaggerating when I use the word "tank." In fact, the president's
limousine is probably safer than most tanks.

Last week, this column dealt with Obama's protection during the inauguration
ceremony. (And if you didn't read that, you had better satisfy my ego by digging
it up online.) This week, we'll talk about his car, equally heavyset, and
commonly referred to as "Cadillac One."

The entire limousine, also known as "The Beast," is covered with 5-inch-thick
military-grade armor to protect against the most frenetic of bullet attacks. In
fact, the composition is so metal-heavy that the doors of Cadillac One weigh as
much as Boeing 757 cabin doors.

The tires are similarly protected. Known as run-flat tires, they are fashioned
with additional layers and special materials to allow them to self-seal
punctures. That is, in the case that the tires are shot at, they would still be
able to run even with bullet punctures.

Also, the engines are equipped with Eaton Twin Vortices Series 1900 supercharger
systems. (Whatever that means.)

Cadillac One is protected against practically all disasters falling short of a
nuclear weapon. A 5-inch metal chassis under the car can prevent damage from any
bomb placed there.

Meanwhile, Cadillac One is sealed so that any chemical gas attacks are rendered
useless. The limousine even has a private oxygen supply stored in the rear of
the car, which can be tapped if the air is contaminated with chemicals.

Cadillac One also deals efficiently with RPGs (rocket-propelled grenades) and
ATGMs (anti-tank guided missiles). If these heat-seeking missiles are launched,
Cadillac One can shoot out multi-spectrum infrared smoke grenades to distract
the projectiles. The smoke also hides Cadillac One, similar to how an octopus
ejects ink to escape from predators.

In the middle of all this confusion, the driver is able to use a special video
system to see through smoke. The cameras are also outfitted with night vision
for possible evening emergencies.

In the highly unlikely event that any missile is able to reach the car, Cadillac
One's metal frame is able to deal with the shock of the explosion, being
composed of steel, titanium, aluminum and ceramic. The purpose of the different
materials is to break up the particular explosion forces of any projectiles. A
fire-fighting tool kit is included in the trunk of the car, just in case.

And in the practically impossible event that something happens to the president,
the limousine has several canisters of Obama's own blood type stored away for
emergency transfusions.

The driver himself has a few credentials up his sleeve. A practiced CIA agent,
the driver is trained in emergency car driving tactics and also has access to a
Remington Arms shotgun.

Finally, if the limousine is forced to fight its way through a riot, the front
bumper of the car is equipped with two small holes that can eject tear gas to
disperse unfriendly crowds in an escape.

In short... Don't mess with this limo.

All this for the convenient market price of $300,000. From, yours truly, General
Motors.

It is interesting to note that, although Cadillac One is stocked up with an
impressive arsenal, it was defeated rather ungracefully by the curb of a
driveway. On May 23 while Cadillac One was leaving the U.S. Embassy in Ireland,
it was caught on the curb of the gate, bringing Obama's six-day European tour to
a rocky start.

Just saying.

Kevin Hwang is a junior at Athens High School, takes classes at Ohio University
and is a columnist forThe Post. Email him at kh319910@ohiou.edu

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Stanford Daily: Stanford University

                            January 27, 2012 Friday

Beyda: In skipping White House visit, Thomas abused his fans' trust

BYLINE: Joseph Beyda

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 776 words


The traditional White House visit for the defending Stanley Cup (yes, that's
hockey) Champions is always a sight to see. Even though each year's MLB, NFL and
NBA champions - along with a host of NCAA-title-winning teams - also get to meet
America's commander in chief, the NHL's rendition is quite unique. It's known
for kooky mispronunciations, the usual lack of presidential hockey knowledge and
its tendency to set annual records for the highest concentration of "eh's" in
White House history.

As such, there's always a spotlight on the few visiting players who actually
happen to beAmerican, especially if they played a key part in their team's title
run. This year was no different, and Flint, Mich. native Tim Thomas - the Boston
Bruins' starting goalie who became just the second American in history to win
the Conn Smythe Trophy as playoff MVP - got by far the most media attention when
the team visited Washington, D.C. this Monday.

That's because, as one of only two Americans on Boston's 2011 Cup-winning squad,
Thomas decided that he didn't want to visit the White House, shake the
president's hand and go through with the requisite photo-op. Explaining on
Facebook that "the Federal government has grown out of control, threatening the
Rights, Liberties, and Property of the People," Thomas denied that his decision
was partisan but cited his "right as a Free Citizen" to skip the event.

Instead, he sat around until the Bruins' Tuesday matchup with the Washington
Capitals, a game for which he was promptly and properly benched.

Since then, Thomas has been widely criticized in the media for letting his
teammates down and creating widespread embarrassment for the Bruins
organization. Even Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick chimed in about how
"we're losing in this country basic courtesy and grace."

I'm not so concerned with how polite Thomas was; President Obama has to deal
with Washington's cutthroat political landscape on a daily basis, so I doubt
he's going to be all that offended by a hockey player's political beliefs. And
of course, as an American, Thomas has every right to do as he pleases and have
his own political identity.

But this whole act has been a complete abuse of Thomas' power as a prominent
sports figure. If he wants to make political statements he should throw away the
skates, run for office and remove any facade that he should be idolized by the
people of Boston.

Sports fans have an inherent, blind trust in athletes. We know their personal
lives aren't perfect. I'm well aware of the steroid allegations against Barry
Bonds, the marriage scandal Tiger Woods is dealing with and the second-degree
vehicular homicide on Dany Heatley's record. But because of their (albeit
severed) connections to the Giants, Cardinal and Sharks, I can't help but
feeling a soft spot for them. Sports just couldn't work any other way - fans
wouldn't pay to cheer for athletes they couldn't get behind.

So as public figures that we have decided to identify ourselves with (and
contribute to their bankroll), professional athletes have aprofessional
responsibility to keep their mouths shut on political issues. Sure, players can
do a whole lot of good by openly supporting charitable causes. But taking
disestablishmentarian political stances on a public stage is hardly that. At
this point, you probably have a whole bunch of naive, five-year-old Bostonians
who are scared to death by the "threat" to their "Rights, Liberties, and
Property." And the only way to stop them from marching on Washington is to tell
them that you shouldn't listen to the man wearing that jersey, that he's wrong,
that he was rude to the president of the United States.

Tim Thomas is no monster hiding in the closet, but for parents of young Bruins
fans that don't happen to be members of the Tea Party, that's the only way they
can treat him if they don't want their kids developing random political
ideologies. Thomas has set up the kids of Boston for some extreme
disillusionment.

Athletes have tried to take a political stand before; the 1968 Olympics come to
mind instantly. Yet it just doesn't matter how strong or poor your arguments
are. Using your sports fame as a pedestal for political statements crosses the
line.

Thomas may be able to make saves like an octopus, but it doesn't mean he has
intelligent opinions on politics. And it definitely doesn't mean that I want to
hear them.

Joseph Beyda is never one to shy away from a fight, most recently inciting a
riot at the offices of The Daily after turning the TV to an NHL game during
production. If you'd like to let him know how much you appreciate the sport,
contact him at jbeyda "at" stanford.edu.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The Tartan: Carnegie Mellon University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

CMU alumnus Scott Draves talks about Electric Sheep

BYLINE: Benjamin Madueme

SECTION: SCI; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 534 words


Can computers be artists? Scott Draves, a Ph.D. graduate from Carnegie Mellon's
School of Computer Science and developer of the Electric Sheep project, has
answered that question with a definitive "yes."

Draves, who now works as an engineer in the mapping division at Google Inc.,
gave a talk last Monday at the Gates Hillman Complex about the project. He
recalled how Electric Sheep began with his image-generating Flame Algorithm,
which he finalized in 1991 and later released as open source in 1993.

The algorithm works by solving a massive, non-deterministic equation with
thousands of parameters and millions of variables. Because the algorithm is
non-deterministic, it generates a unique image every time it is run. The highly
fluid and organic images that result are commonly known as Flames.
"It takes a long time for the computer to draw these pictures," Draves
explained. "It takes hours to render just one frame. Back then, in the early
nineties, that's all I was able to do ... but now, with much faster computers
and with thousands of computers working together, we can actually make
large-scale, animated artworks."

The animated works Draves referred to come from his Electric Sheep project, a
free program that perpetually generates Flames using his algorithm. When a
computer enabled with Electric Sheep goes into screensaver mode, the Flames are
strewn together into a highly abstract video. Since each Flame is a new and
unique image, the computer then shares the image with other computers over the
internet.

Over time, Draves added additional components to the project, including the
ability for users to "like" or "dislike" certain Electric Sheep screensavers
using the keyboard, telling the algorithm what sort of images to create.

Many computer users are fond of the project. According to a recent post on
Draves' blog, there are approximately 500,000 active users of the software, some
of whom are Carnegie Mellon students.

"I've played around with the Electric Sheep screensaver before," said Joe
Frazier, a junior computer science major who attended the talk. "I thought it
was really neat to see the guy who sort of came up with it all. It was good to
see what his perspective on it was."

Draves is receiving ongoing recognition for his Flame Algorithm and Electric
Sheep project. His work has been featured in the Museum of Modern Art in New
York City and at the Art Basel art show in Miami.

His work has also appeared in Discover and Wired magazines. Flames have also
been used in all sorts of media, ranging from big-budget films to book covers.
The popular Flame editor Apophysis utilizes Draves' algorithm.

"Generation 243," one of Draves' original Electric Sheep screensavers, is
currently featured on a 24/7 display on campus in the Gates Hillman Complex. The
School of Computer Science also recently purchased "Generation 244," the next
work in the series.

Draves, who is involved in numerous other artistic projects, also touched on a
website he created called "Video Riot." The site uses Javascript and WebGL to
distort and colorize a Youtube video that a user can specify with a link. The
project is located at sp0t.org/videoriot.
Electric Sheep can be found at electricsheep.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Brock Press: Brock University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

City to install cameras Downtown

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1338 words


Visitors to the Downtown area of St. Catharines will soon have the NRP keeping
an eye on them - whether they like it or not.

The St. Catharines City Council voted unanimously on Jan. 16 to install 22
security cameras in the area around Ontario, St. Paul, Carlisle and King Streets
to record everything that happens. The cameras will be installed within the next
six months, and will be co-funded by the Niagara Regional Police (NRP) and the
Ministry of the Attorney General.

"The purpose," said City Councillor and Brock University Economics Professor Joe
Kushner, "was to act as a deterrent to criminal activity.

"I think it will help to make the Downtown a safer place for students."

The cameras will not be monitored. Instead, they will store their recordings on
a database under the control of the NRP, who intend to use the data as evidence
in any criminal proceedings to do with crimes committed Downtown. The Ministry
of the Attorney General will be paying the approximate $155,000 that it will
cost to install the cameras, which film in high-definition and in colour, and
the NRP will cover the $6,000-$10,000 annual maintenance cost.

The decision to install the cameras was made following a presentation by NRP
Deputy Chief Carl Scott who, according to NRP Superintendant and former Brock
University student Robert Wright, had for a long time made installing cameras
Downtown a personal goal.

"This has been his pet project since day-one," said Wright, who called the
current initiative "a pilot project." Scott, who is currently on vacation, could
not be reached.

No other groups or individuals made presentations to the City Council prior to
the decision - though Kushner said that a number of Downtown businesses were
consulted.

"The City doesn't normally call people on various issues," Kushner said. "The
police, of course, did their research."

Closed Circuit Television cameras have become increasingly popular as security
tools - most famously in Britain, which has more cameras per person than any
other country in the World. Several Canadian cities, like Toronto and Kingston,
have also installed cameras. However, according to Brock University Professor
Phillip Mackintosh, an expert in Urban Geography, the cameras are largely an
ineffective "make-do technology".

"They don't solve the problem that [City] Council thinks it will solve," said
Mackintosh, who said that CCTV cameras are often simply a way to alleviate
pressure on police budgets.

"They think that [the cameras] will do the policing that only real officers will
do.

"People who commit crimes worry that they're going to be looked at - not by a
camera, but by a pair of eyes."

Mackintosh also argued that the cameras would simply cause criminals to move
their activity elsewhere - lowering the crime rate in the Downtown area, but
increasing it everywhere else. However, according to City Councillor Mark
Elliott, the cameras' purpose is not strictly to lower the crime rate, but
instead to create the impression of a safer Downtown area as part of an overall
revitalization strategy.

"A perception exists that Downtown is not a safe place," said Elliott, "but, it
is just that - a perception."

Wright also dismissed the issue, arguing that the type of crimes that the
cameras targeted were mostly specific to the Downtown area - what Wright called
"entertainment district issues" resulting from the large number of drinking
establishments.

According to Brock University Sociology Professor David Siegel, the NRP's stated
goals regarding the use of the cameras in crime prevention largely follow the
ways that the cameras have been used in other cities. Siegel used the Vancouver
Stanley Cup Riots as an example, pointing to how footage from CCTV cameras had
been used to track down rioters. Siegel also speculated that support for the
cameras form Downtown businesses may have been the result of the City's
anti-graffiti laws - which require businesses to remove any graffiti that may be
drawn on their buildings.

"[The cameras are] going to have an impact on spur-of-the-moment criminals,"
Siegel said.

"I don't think the criminals are all that rational."

Mackintosh's analysis of the decision aligns closest to Elliott's. Mackintosh
said that the Downtown has been suffering for years as a result of the decision
to allow big-box stores like Walmart open outlets in the city. Most of the small
Downtown businesses could not compete with the big-box stores - with all but a
few of them shuttering and being replaced by bars and coffee shops. Due to the
business strategy used by many big-box stores - which favours cheaply made
products that can be turned around quickly - high-end specialty stores tend to
survive the transition more often than their low-end counterparts.

According to Elliott, this change in the area's business composition is what has
lead to its currently poor economic state.

"The people of St. Catharines," said Elliott, "have abandoned the downtown
core."

Mackintosh said that the cameras are part of a "beautification" strategy meant
to attract more of these high-end stores to the Downtown to replace the bars
that currently dominate the area.

"Municipal government is very ad-hoc," said Mackintosh, "you never really know
what the ramifications of the decisions you've made are.

"Because Council made horrible decisions in the last few years with the big-box
stores [...] they have depleted the Downtown centres. The stores can't compete
with the Walmarts, so they shut down. So, because [St. Catharines] is a student
town, you open a bar."

City Council has, for several years, been trying to reduce the number of bars in
the Downtown area. However, so long as a bar remains profitable and follows the
regulations, it is impossible for Council to remove it. However, Mackintosh has
doubts as to whether the students are actually as big of an issue for the
Downtown as is often believed.

"I don't know if this is a real problem, or the perennial problem of adults
disrespecting teenagers," Mackintosh said.

"If you see a series of cameras down a street then you know your government is
not on your side."

Kushner, however, argued otherwise. Just prior to the vote, Kushner had gone on
a ride-along with NRP officer Brian Bleitch, and witnessed how the police
normally handle student issues.

"I found the police to be very diplomatic with students," Kushner said. "I think
the students should be pleased."

What has proven to be the most unusual aspect of the decision to install cameras
is the general lack of an outcry regarding their potential for privacy
violations. In the past, cities that have installed CCTV cameras had often faced
dissent from privacy and civil rights groups but, according to Kushner, that was
not the case in St. Catharines.

"[Privacy] was not a major consideration," Kushner said, arguing that, since the
cameras will all be located in public places, there should be no expectation of
privacy.

According to Wright, the NRP will be taking care to safeguard the privacy of
those caught on camera. If, for example, a film clip entered into the public
record as evidence in a trial, that clip will have the faces of any bystanders
blurred out.

"We are going to follow all of the privacy guidelines of the Ontario Privacy
Commission," Wright said. "I think that a lot of the public's fears [about
privacy] will be alleviated."

Siegel came to a similar conclusion regarding privacy.

"This is the main street of a city," Siegel said. "Everybody understands that
this is a public space.

"It seems like the broader interest outweighs any privacy issue."

The NRP will be holding a series of public information sessions prior to the
cameras' installation - though the exact dates have not been decided. According
to Wright, the main purpose of the sessions will be to address any lingering
fears that the public may have regarding privacy and to "explain how the cameras
work". Mackintosh, however, remains unconvinced.

"Cameras are an indication of bad political leadership," he said.

"We haven't had good leadership for a very long time."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Brock Press: Brock University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Occupy Brock - doing it right

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 558 words


"A person is smart, people are dumb, panicky, dangerous animals and you know
it," said K, played by Tommy Lee Jones, in the 1997 film Men In Black. Cynical?
Maybe. True? Absolutely.

One of the characteristics of Brock University is that its student body seems to
be, relatively, as apathetic as Canada on the whole is about politics and the
issues (13 per cent of Brock students voted in last year's Brock University
Student Union election).

However, a positive effect of this is that whatever comes to Canada a little
late comes to Brock even later. This, for once, can be used to our advantage.

On Feb. 1 2012, Brock will be hosting an Occupy movement right in the Schmon
Tower lobby (apparently, whether they like it or not). This has been advertised
through leaflets and posters that use fun and vague buzz-terms like "tuition
fees" and "budget cuts".

This Occupy Movement, like other trends and initiatives, has been adopted by
Brock students a few months too late: it is old news and isn't all that exciting
as far as movements go. However, this is where Brock's lateness in the issue
will come in handy.

What Brock students now have the chance to do is learn from the mistakes of past
Occupy movements before their own even starts up. This is a prime opportunity
that should not be wasted. And for it to work, you (yes, literally you reading
this), are going to have to do something about it.

The main issues with the Occupy movement so far are as follows: they have no
plan or message, they lost control, or they gave up too easily.

Unfortunately Occupy Brock has already had some trouble with cementing a message
to their movement. The posters have very general student platitudes on them,
instead of pinpointing problems within our school and going after them.

You can help by making sure you know something before you go to Occupy. Look
into BUSU elections, or read over the last Brock financial report. Did you know
that Brock expects to make close to $1.5 million profit with their Parking
Services this year? Does that sound like too much? Find out for yourself,
because for every person who actually knows why they are at Occupy Brock, the
better it will do.

The fact is, activism for activism's sake is no better than an ignorant
middle-class white kid wearing a Ché Guevara shirt, or a Canadian wearing an
Obama "Hope" campaign shirt; it is, at best, bandwagon loyalty, and at worst,
self-indulgent masturbation.

The next problem is the loss of control. Just this past weekend on Jan. 29,
Occupy Oakland ended in a riot, which saw many injured and no progress made.

While I doubt this will be an issue for Brock students, keep in mind that Penn
State students rioted in defence of their football coach that protected a
pedophile. Anything can happen, so keep a handle on things by thinking like a
person, not a crowd.

Last, a few Occupy movements have simply died out too quickly. This is all on
you guys; there is no secret or activist adage that will make hanging out in the
Schmon Tower lobby any more exciting.

The fact of the matter is, if you actually have an issue you're concerned with,
let others know at Brock by vocalizing yourself honestly and fairly, and by
standing your ground when they won't listen. That's all anyone could ask of you,
and to be honest, over the lifetime of the Occupy movement we've seen many
examples of far less.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The McGill Tribune: McGill University

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

The McGill Tribune The Tribune's 2012 Sports Predictions

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 408 words


1. Tim Tebow loses his starting job in training camp when the league refuses to
schedule every single one of the Broncos' games on Sunday, the only day the Lord
has time to help Tebow out.

2. The Toronto Maple Leafs eke out a playoff spot for the first time in the
post-lockout period. Toronto fans riot in the streets after they get swept in
the first round by the Boston Bruins.

3. LeBron leads the Miami Heat to the finals, only to meet the upstart Oklahoma
City Thunder, who cruise through the Western Conference bracket. The Heat take
the title, and LeBron dedicates it to all the haters.

4. Tiger Woods, after falling off the map, wins his first major tournament since
making some questionable personal choices.

5. After a valiant effort by host nation Poland, in which they make the
quarterfinals, Europe's top soccer countries take over, as defending champion
Spain is pitted in a rematch of the Euro 2008 final against Germany. Germany
prevails and Mario Balotelli becomes the next player to watch in the soccer
world.

6. After winning the Super Bowl, Tom Brady announces that Gisele is pregnant
again and is expecting another boy. Anticipating greatness and wanting to keep
Peyton happy, Colts owner Jim Irsay uses his first overall pick in 2012 to draft
the unborn future star quarterback.

7. After missing the playoffs, Canadiens GM Pierre Gauthier goes on a fire sale,
trades all of his players, and fires his anglophone Head Coach Randy Cunneyworth
in order to create the first "all-French team." His logic? At least they speak
French and they can't be worse than Scott Gomez.

8.The Bruins and the Canucks meet once again in an epic finals showdown. Though
no one remembers the final score, everyone will remember the final injury tally:
seven concussions, four lower-body injuries, six-and-a-half upper-body injuried
(half credited to Lapierre because he still may be faking it), two broken
stanchions, 13 bitten fingers, and one mysterious rat bite (credited to Brad
Marchand), all diagnosed by Dr. Recchi.

9. Novak Djokovic's tennis career will be brought back to earth, but his ego
will be slow to follow. Federer will win his last Grand Slam. One of the
Williams sisters will retire to focus on her acting/fashion/nail technician
career.

10. Usain Bolt defeats Michael Phelps in the first ever amphibian race at the
2012 London Olympics. Fortunately for Phelps, he collects three more gold medals
in swimming events to add to his collection.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

BYU athletic director calls for better sportsmanship

BYLINE: Scott Hansen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 803 words


BYU's athletic director wants BYU basketball fans to improve their sportmanship
after angry fans threw objects on the game floor, showered referees with boos
and shouted foul language during Saturday's basketball match-up against St.
Mary's.

In a statement released via email Monday night, BYU Athletic Director Tom Holmoe
said, "I love the passion and enthusiasm of our student section and appreciate
the support our team receives from fans in the Marriott Center. I know Cougar
fans were frustrated Saturday night, but we simply cannot engage in poor
sportsmanship."

Holmoe said that BYU fans' goal should be for visiting teams and officials to
leave BYU having been treated with respect.

"I greatly appreciate the majority of our fans who show good sportsmanship at
each and every home game. This Thursday, against a great team from Gonzaga, I
fully expect all our fans to show the same passionate yet respectful support
that has made the Marriott Center such a storied place to play over the years,"
he said.

The BYU student section was called for a technical foul in Saturday's basketball
game when objects were thrown on the court in opposition to some calls by the
officials.

After a charging foul was called late in the first half, a few objects were
thrown onto the court contesting the official's ruling. The officials
immediately went to the scorer's table, and an announcement was made warning the
fans that the next time anything is thrown onto the court, it would result in a
technical foul against BYU.

Less than a minute into the second half, a blocking foul was called on freshman
guard Matt Carlino. A tirade of boos echoed from the student section,
accompanied with a paper object being thrown onto the hardwood floor. The
officials remained true to their warning, and St. Mary's guard Matthew
Dellavedova made two technical free throws, and the Gaels retained possession of
the ball. On that possession, Jorden Page hit a 3-pointer, resulting in a
5-point turnaround for the Gaels that came from the technical foul.

"I don't necessarily feel that we were behind the team as much as we were
against the refs," said Sam Emery, a sophomore from Gilbert, Ariz., majoring in
psychology. "That technical foul definitely caused a momentum swing."

As the technical was called on the fans, a few BYU players stood up from the
bench area and from the floor, attempting to quiet the crowd.

"I could tell that the players weren't too happy as to how the fans were
reacting," Emery said. "They were waving them off, trying to get them to stop
throwing stuff. The fans weren't helping the players, that's for sure."

Near the end of the game, a chant came from the crowd saying "Worst refs ever,"
and as the final buzzer sounded, a storm of objects flooded the court,
accompanied with boos aimed at the officials.

"I'm a Cougar through and through, and I went to every single game last year and
I'm camping out tonight," said Mary Bennion, a sophomore from Medford, Ore.,
majoring in elementary education. "But I can definitely say that I wasn't proud
of the way that people were acting at the game. I think at BYU, we stand for
something higher, and we should have lived up to that standard, and we didn't."

The fans' behavior is in direct opposition to both the BYU and West Coast
Conference rules and regulations, as well as some NCAA rules.

"Every person, from fan to student-athlete, plays an important role in complying
with NCAA rules," the opening statement on the BYU Athletics Compliance page
says. "BYU is held responsible by the NCAA for the actions of its boosters. If a
booster commits a violation, BYU may be subject to penalties from the NCAA."

The WCC handbook has also published some official rules and regulations of bad
fan behavior in athletic contests, which consequences have the potential to go
even farther than the actions taken in Saturday's game.

"The officials shall be authorized to stop a game for a period of time or
declare a game to be forfeited, after appropriate warnings, in the event crowd
conditions deteriorate to an extent that the players, coaches or officials
cannot function normally," the handbook says on the topic of crowd control.

"I think for the most part, we have some of the best fans ever," Emery said. "I
love going to the Marriott Center for games. It's a riot. But there's no excuse
for people to start throwing things on the court. Sportsmanship isn't just about
the poeple on the court. I was really disappointed in a lot of the students. It
left a bad taste in my mouth."

In November, President Stan Albrecht of Utah State University apologized to BYU
after the Aggie fans presented some distasteful taunts and signs towards junior
forward Brandon Davies. In that apology, it was mentioned that the fans
"conducted themselves far beyond fair play and basic human decency."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Argus: Illinois Wesleyan University

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

Secretary of State gives keynote speech at IWU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 581 words


By Chris Francis, Editor-In-Chief

"If you see a wrong somewhere, would you try to make it right? If you see
someone being mistreated, will you say something?" asked Barbra Malone, a member
of The United Community Gospel Singers of Bloomington-Normal.

Malone's question reflected the spirit of the 22nd annual Dr. Martin Luther
King, Jr. Fellowship Dinner featuring guest speaker Illinois Secretary of State
Jesse White.

Held at 5 p.m. on Monday, Jan. 23 in the Memorial Center Young Main Lounge, the
honored guests of the dinner included Gospel Singers' Executive Director
Reverend James E. Sims, Sr. and Illinois Wesleyan University Provost Jonathan
Green in addition to White.

Guests of the dinner, with the specially honored Sims family and the Gospel
Singers themselves, were served dishes planned and created by Pearl Johnson, an
employee of IWU who originally designed the Fellowship Dinner's meals 22 years
ago.

"The Gospel Singers have been co-sponsoring this event with [Illinois Wesleyan
University] for 22 years now," said James Joyner, deacon of Bloomington's Loving
Missionary Baptist Church and Committee Member of the Gospel Singers. "You
cannot believe the number of hours it takes to put this together every year."

Following the dinner, White gave his address, detailing his many projects
undertaken to improve the inner-city of Chicago and other locales around the
state.

Having a heart for inner-city youths, he explained his vision for the next
generation of Chicago young adults. "Every day make sure you put something new
between your ears,"

White said addressing the substantial high school and college student portion of
the guests. "We always want you to look up, and the only time you look down is
to tie your shoes."

Aside from this, he also emphasized the importance of blood and organ donation,
citing how one of his tumblers had tragically died, but his death resulted in
the saving of multiple lives via organ transplants.

White concluded his speech with his memories of Dr. King during White's time as
a college student in Montgomery, Ala. in 1955, the year of the anti-segregation
bus strikes and in the midst of White's bids for fraternities at Alabama State
University.

After hearing that Dr. King would be speaking at a church in town, White and
several friends attended. "We walked two miles there, and we ran two miles back
to tell our friends and roommates and whoever everything we heard Dr. King say,"
White said in his address.

White explained how he eagerly became a member of the Montgomery bus strikes
after hearing Dr. King speak. "We were able to break the back of the
transportation system," White said.

Following White's address was a performance by the nationally touring Jesse
White Tumblers-a team of inner-city youths who are coached by White himself and
perform tumbling acrobatics.

"I was worried that the ceiling of the [Young Main Lounge] might not be high
enough," White said before leaving to change into his uniform. And when the
Tumblers brought out the trampoline for their jumping acrobatics, White's
concerns were almost the case, though there were no injuries.

"Had the room been larger and the ceiling been higher, we could have really put
on a show," White said.

The evening closed with a chorus of "Faithful is Our God" sung by the Gospel
Singers backed by a small ensemble of piano, drums, and bass guitar, but the
last word was given by Jesse White, "I hope you all leave here with a better
feeling toward your fellow man and woman."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Brock Press: Brock University

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Religion is not a competition

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 450 words


2011 was a year that marked many prestigious achievements that have been
garnered from all over the World, from the rise of even more advanced technology
to new discoveries found. Though that year was not all fun and games. We all
were heavy with stunned expressions as we watched a tsunami of such enormity
strike the very centre of growth and technology: Japan. Our eyebrows raised as
we learned a massive 7.2 earthquake shook eastern Turkey, and we were filled
with sympathy when we saw Thailand threatened with a dangerous amount of
flooding throughout the country. Yes, 2011 was a year where a number of events
pushed people to realize that there is only one thing an individual can cling
to: their religion.

Even though in one point of our lives we have sinned or defied the rules of our
religion (or lack there of) in the end, we have sought comfort and reassurance
when we hold our faith in our hearts.

Yet, if religion is supposed to be about love, kindness and forgiveness then why
is that every time we turn to the media, there are discussions about the tension
between two (if not more) religions? As if they were predicting that some
demonic outburst were to surface in on of the religions just for sheer purpose
of influencing people through hate and discrimination.

That being said, religion is not a competition. You don't win a golden medal for
beating the other religions for being the most "devoted". Society as a whole
places this kind of structure of religious intolerance so that people can be
consumed with paranoia and insecurity. Society (and this can't be denied) seems
to have the knack of wearing the mask of peace, but at the end of the line,
religions clash with one another, possibly destroying relationships and family
values.

Why do we do this? If it is not for the sake of competition, could it be power?
Power has been a particularly spontaneous struggle over the last year. We all
want power; we all want to sit in the golden throne. Religion is unfortunately
used as carte blanche for bad people to do terrible things in the name of all
that is holy. Some people hurt others in the name of God and some people take
revenge in the light of the Lord. Even if it isn't emphasized in the face of
modern society, then it is surely headed that way.

The World works in such mysterious ways that sometimes we ourselves as
individuals can't really comprehend it. I think that we need to spring into
action: the community has to put differences aside. We all have to come to a
realization that we are all humans on this earth regardless of religion. Danger
happens inside an individual. It is the hatred and the anger that devours the
judgment of a human. Now is the time to act.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             Daily Californian: University of California - Berkeley

                           January 11, 2012 Wednesday

All UC campuses will become smoke-free

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 358 words


UC President Mark Yudof is requesting the entire University of California system
become smoke-free over the next two years.

In a letter dated Monday, Yudof asked chancellors to form committees on their
respective campuses to implement smoke-free policies within the next 24 months.
UC spokesperson Steve Montiel said the letter was sent to chancellors via email
Tuesday.

"As a national leader in healthcare and environmental practices, the University
of California is ready to demonstrate leadership in reducing tobacco use and
exposure to secondhand smoke," Yudof said in the letter. "Offering a smoke-­free
environment will contribute positively to the health and well-being of all UC
students, faculty, staff, and our patients and visitors."

Have a question for Yudof or the UC Berkeley administration regarding the
proposal? Ask anyone a question via Your Direct Line.

Though Yudof acknowledged that the campuses will need to tailor their policies
to fit their individual needs, he outlined some specific elements that must be
part of each policy, including a uniform definition of what "smoke-free" means,
applying the policy to all UC facilities,  focusing enforcement on education and
banning the sale and promotion of tobacco products in all UC buildings.

Grace Crickette, the UC's chief risk officer, said the intention of the
smoke-free policy is to focus on wellness.

"Each campus will be developing their own policy, and as long as they're moving
forward in a positive direction, that's really what we want," she said. "Even
after they implement it ... it's always going to be an ongoing challenge to help
people live healthier."

The policy outlined by Yudof follows a proposal submitted by a subcommittee on
smoking of the UC's systemwide wellness group. In the proposal, dated Oct. 25,
the subcommittee recommended most of the policy guidelines established by Yudof
in his letter.

All UC medical centers are already smoke-free, and the rest of the system will
join 586 other college campuses in the nation that have become smoke-free,
according to the proposal.

Read the full text of Yudof's letter below.

J.D. Morris is the university news editor.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 348 DOCUMENTS


            The Alestle: Southern Illinois University - Edwardsville

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Eyes on the eagles

SECTION: LIFESTYLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 596 words


The bird was the word when thousands of tourists from all overthe globe flocked
to West Alton to see rare birds at the AltonEagle Festival last week.

According to Audubon Missouri Board President Julie Schnuck,Alton is the perfect
spot for bird watchers because birds migratealong the Mississippi River.

"Sixty percent of the nation's birds migrate in this area,"Schnuck said. "There
are about 325 different species that can befound here."

Schnuck said she thinks part of the fascination with birds isthe connection with
nature.

"As our technology increases, people want to become more in tunewith nature. Not
only that, but people use technology to help withbird watching," Schnuck said.
"There are iPhone apps to do birdcalls or identify birds. We also have a
database system [at theAlton Visitors Center] that people can put information
into and ithelps scientists locate rare birds in the area."

According to Al Dreste of St. Louis, a grandfather of two, theAlton Eagle
Festival was a great place to spend time with thefamily, even for those who are
not bird watchers.

"I came here with my daughter and my grandson," Dreste said. "Wethought it would
be a good way to spend time together and enjoythis beautiful weather."

The Alton Eagle Festival was supplied with art crafts so kidscould finger paint
an eagle or make a wooden airplane. The festivalalso had a small screech owl and
a bald eagle named Liberty thatvisitors could see up close.

"[The eagle] was my favorite thing at the festival," Drestesaid. "I have only
seen a bird that close stuffed, so it was realinteresting to see the birds live
and up close like that."

According to Alton Eagle Festival volunteer Sandra Murray,Liberty has been at
the Visitor Center his whole life.

"Liberty is 20 years old. We really should rename him Luckybecause he was hit by
a car twice and survived," Murray said. "Thecar accident impaired his vision and
now he can't see across theroom. Most eagles can see their prey for a mile away,
so if we lethim out in the wild, he would die."

Murray said that having a live eagle is beneficial tovisitors.

"It really gives an awareness to see an eagle this close. Thebald eagle was
almost extinct, they were just taken off of theendangered list, but it is still
important to demonstrate theplight of the eagles," Murray said.

The festival also attracted tourists who were not bird watchers,but were
interested in the eagles, like visitor Sharon Lautz, whotraveled 50 miles with
her husband to the event.

"We come up this way a lot and we have actually seen eagles onour way, so we
thought we would stop here and actually see them upclose," Lautz said.

According to Angie Smith, natural resource specialist for the USArmy Corp of
Engineers, the Alton Visitor Center is on 3,700 acresand allows visitors to see
the birds while staying in the comfortof the World Bird Sanctuary.

"We get international visitors, like some today are fromGermany," Smith said.
"We are a global destination because ourlocation is so convenient for the
birds."

Smith said the birds are important part of the St. Louis areaand the river
itself.

"We [Army Corps of Engineers and Audubon Center at Riverlands]built the center
because anytime we can help future generationsexpand on their knowledge, we
will," Smith said.

Although the festival is over, there are still Bald Eagle Daytours scheduled for
10 am to 2 pm for Jan. 14-15, 24-25, 28-30 andFeb. 1, 4-5, 8, 21-22, 25-26,
28-29 and March 6. There are alsoEagle Meet and Greet programs where visitors
can see an eagle upclose at 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. every Saturday in January.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             Daily Californian: University of California - Berkeley

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday

Regents' vote on dismissing professor still undisclosed

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 803 words


The fate of a tenured UC Riverside professor, who the UC Board of Regents was
scheduled to consider dismissing and potentially stripping emeritus status from,
remains unknown after the board's meeting Wednesday.

The vote occurred during a closed session of the meeting, and UC spokesperson
Dianne Klein declined to comment as to whether the regents voted to dismiss the
faculty member, citing privacy reasons.

Though the agenda item referencing the decision leaves the professor unnamed,
according to the Los Angeles Times, the faculty member in question is Sarkis
Joseph Khoury, an international finance professor who has a history of conflict
with the UC.

The move to dismiss Khoury comes after over 15 years of legal strife between him
and the university. According to court documents, the university alleges that
Khoury violated its policy by receiving pay from other universities while on
sabbatical.

Have a question for the UC Regents or Khoury? Ask anyone a question via Your
Direct Line.

Khoury told the Times that he informed the university this month of his
intention to retire because of a neck injury that resulted from a recent car
accident. Although Khoury does not want to retain emeritus status, he told the
Times that he does not think it is fair for him to be stripped of the title,
even if he will continue to receive his pension.

"Of course it bothers me," Khoury said in an interview with the Times. "It's a
matter of honor. It would allow them to say they have succeeded in destroying
Khoury and be a lesson to others for being outspoken."

Klein also declined to comment on the specifics of UC's case against Khoury,
citing privacy reasons.

However, Klein said the formal dismissal of a tenured faculty member or removal
of emeritus status is an "infrequent" event.

"To dismiss a faculty member, you need to have cause," she said. "The fact that
(the Khoury case) has gone to this level means the university thinks they have
cause."

The university made its first attempt at disciplining Khoury in 1995 when the
former dean of the UC Riverside Anderson Graduate School of Management charged
Khoury with violating the sabbatical policy spelled out in the Riverside
campus's Academic Personnel Manual. The dean claimed that Khoury had received
income from the University of British Columbia while on sabbatical, which is
against UC faculty policy, according to a judicial opinion from the state's
Fourth District Court of Appeal Division Two regarding a court case the
university later brought against Khoury.

Pursuant to UC disciplinary procedure, the Riverside campus's Committee on
Privilege and Tenure composed of fellow faculty members held a disciplinary
hearing and conducted a fact-finding operation. The committee decided that the
dean had failed to demonstrate proof of his claims, according to the opinion.

But former UC Riverside Chancellor Raymond Orbach disregarded the committee's
conclusion  and disciplined Khoury by reducing him in rank. In response, Khoury
filed a petition asking the courts to overrule the chancellor's decision. The
court acceded and ruled that he be reinstated to his previous position,
according to the opinion.

The regents later claimed they found new evidence of Khoury's violation of the
sabbatical policy and brought him directly to court, circumventing standard
internal disciplinary procedures.

In 2007, the regents filed a lawsuit against Khoury alleging that he had
violated the same sabbatical policy. They reiterated their claim that in
violation of policy, Khoury had received income on sabbatical from University of
British Columbia and added two more institutions to the list - the Goteborg
University in Sweden and American University of Beirut.

The regents also said Khoury submitted allegedly fraudulent sabbatical leave
forms in which he stated he would not be receiving income during these
sabbaticals, according to the opinion.

However, both the trial court and the appeals court ruled against the regents,
stating that the regents must bring their new evidence to the Committee on
Privilege and Tenure and submit it to the UC internal disciplinary process
first. The court, in its opinion, cited the committee's expertise on the UC
faculty policy, which, it said, in the opinion, exceeds the court's expertise on
the topic.

"If and when there is a final determination by the Committee that Khoury did
violate the sabbatical policy, the regents would be entitled to come back to
court and to seek other remedies based on that determination," wrote Associate
Justice Betty Ann Richli in the appeals court opinion.

The board votes to dismiss Khoury this Wednesday, which will be the final step
in the internal procedures for dismissing a tenured faculty member. After this,
the board would be able to bring Khoury back to court.

Curan Mehra covers higher education.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             Daily Californian: University of California - Berkeley

                            January 29, 2012 Sunday

UC campuses shift to be smoke-free

BYLINE: Mary Susman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 901 words


Huddled under his black umbrella as he stood next to an ashtray on Lower Sproul
Plaza last Monday, UC Berkeley senior Patrick Gellar took a long drag on his
fifth cigarette of the day.

Gellar began smoking at community college, where he said "everyone smoked." Now,
he smokes 10 to 20 cigarettes each day, often while on campus in between
classes. Although he said he knows the harmful effects of smoking and will quit
eventually, Gellar is not yet ready to give it up.

But over the next two years, students like Gellar will have to learn to take
their smoking habits elsewhere as the University of California joins almost 600
college campuses across the country in becoming smoke-free.

The shift to smoke-free

Following a smoke-free policy proposal submitted in October by a subcommittee of
the university's systemwide wellness group, UC President Mark Yudof requested in
a letter to UC chancellors dated Jan. 9 that each campus form its own committee
to implement a smoke-free policy over the next two years "to demonstrate
leadership in reducing tobacco use and exposure to secondhand smoke."

Kim LaPean, communications manager at the Tang Center, said there is "absolutely
no movement yet" to form a committee at UC Berkeley.

UC faculty members, staff members and students already smoke less than the state
and national averages. Only 9.9 percent of UC employees smoke - less than the
11.9 percent state average and the 19.6 percent national average, according to
the proposal.

Furthermore, the proposal said it envisions a smooth transition, since 7.9
percent of UC students had smoked within 30 days of a 2010 study compared to 16
percent of college students nationwide. The proposal also said no UC San Diego
students smoke more than 10 cigarettes per day.

Although Yudof's letter acknowledges that each campus will need to develop its
own smoke-free policy, he also lists key elements that must be included in all
policies, including the purview of the policy, the prohibition of the sale and
advertisement of tobacco products in university buildings and a common
definition of smoke-free - one that includes smokeless tobacco products and
unregulated nicotine products such as e-cigarettes.

The shift to smoke-free policies at all UC campuses will extend to all UC-owned
and leased facilities, according to Yudof's letter.

All five UC medical centers already have smoke-free policies in place and the
remaining UC locations have smoking policies prohibiting smoking within 20 to 25
feet of buildings, according to the proposal.

Once each campus implements its new policy over the next two years, Yudof said
in his letter that the primary enforcement strategy should be educational, with
an emphasis on cessation resources.

The subcommittee proposal also said the university has the option of citing and
charging fees for policy violations, although UCPD Lt. Eric Tejada said in an
email that UCPD did not issue any citations at UC Berkeley for violations of the
current smoking policy within the past year.

"More people will be successful in quitting smoking," said Katharine Hammond,
professor of environmental health sciences at UC Berkeley and a key player in
changing smoking policies at the national and international levels. "And
there'll be those - they'll be very difficult to count - but those who don't
start smoking."

Hammond said it is harder for people to quit smoking when others are smoking
around them, adding that very few people start smoking over age 25.

An inevitable change

Gellar said the policy will be "inconvenient" for smokers who may have to
consider the policy when planning their schedules each semester.

However, plenty of UC Berkeley students support the shift to a tobacco-free
campus, including senior Trit Garg, who founded the student organization
TobaccNO in 2009.

"The concern that I think most students share, including me, is the secondhand
smoke," Garg said. "We're subject to secondhand smoke whether we like it or not
... Tobacco is a neglected thing and we sort of take for granted that it
exists."

Garg was instrumental in changing the campus residence hall policy in 2010 to
create designated smoking areas outside of the halls. However, he and health
experts agree that an allowable smoking zone is not strict enough.

According to Hammond, concentrations of toxins are extremely high in designated
smoking areas, making them even more dangerous for smokers and those who may
have to clean the spaces. Because of infiltration, these toxins also spread
beyond the designated smoking areas and affect nonsmokers.

"The molecules are not very obedient," Hammond said. "They just don't understand
the no-smoking lines and they cross them."

Yet not everyone is convinced the policy will be very effective.

"I don't think it'll get the results they want... unless they ramp up security,
which would be a waste of money since the university already has problems,"
Gellar said.

Gellar is not entirely opposed to the policy change - he said he understands the
motivation behind it and does not want to harm anyone by smoking - especially
because he said it is not too demanding for smokers to leave campus before
lighting up.

Despite differing views on the policy, smokers and nonsmokers alike agreed that
given a national trend of increased smoking bans, the shift to smoke-free
campuses was inevitable.

"It's really a natural step for the UC system," Garg said. "We were lagging
behind."

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                Badger Herald: University of Wisconsin - Madison

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday

Pan's positions desirable for students

BYLINE: Olivia Wick-BanderThe Badger Herald

SECTION: OPED; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 323 words


As a citizen of Dane County and as a student of the University of Wisconsin, I
believe this year's Dane County Board election marks an important opportunity
for participation. Because of the events that have taken place in Wisconsin in
the last year, there has never been a more important time to participate in our
democracy and elect candidates we trust. Leland Pan's activism and advocacy for
students, social justice, labor and the environment makes him the best County
Board candidate for the progress of Dane County.

Pan's commitment to social services, such as the Rape Crisis Center and Tenant
Resource Center, shows his dedication to the needs of our community. Because he
believes the right to organize and bargain is fundamental to our democracy, he
has also placed high importance on labor issues. His promise to develop
legislation to solidify union rights and responsibilities demonstrates his
commitment to protecting unionized employees and their unions.

Because Pan has lived in Madison for most of his life, he has a deep
understanding of the issues that the people and students of Dane County face.
While his stance on issues important to Dane County makes him the best candidate
in this election, his philosophy on change and progress is what makes him
exceptional.

Pan will approach the position of Dane County Supervisor from a grassroots
organizer's perspective because he understands the role of government is to help
the people in their mission. His experiences as an organizer have led him to the
understanding that change is inspired by unwavering energy and implemented from
the ground up.

Because of his philosophies and his stance on issues importance to Dane County,
Leland Pan is the most trustworthy and most qualified candidate for Dane County
Supervisor. On Wisconsin.

Olivia Wick-Bander (libby.wickbander@gmail.com) is a junior majoring in
political science and biology. She is a campaign voluneer for Leland Pan.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The University Times: Trinity College

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday

Australia's Student Loan System: Model or Mess?

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 772 words


Sorry. No data so far.

Rónán Burtenshaw

Deputy Editor

Australia's student loan system was introduced by the Hawke Labor government in
1989. It was part of a broader policy, known as the 'Dawkins Revolution' after
long-time Education Minister John Dawkins. The policy aimed to increase "the
efficiency and international competitiveness of Australian universities" after
the previous 'free-fee' system introduced in the 1970s was deemed to have
failed.

Student debt in Australia currently stands at AUS$15billion ((EURO)11.2billion),
which includes a total of AUS$4billion that the government estimates will never
be repaid due to graduates dying, leaving to live in another country or never
reaching the income threshold when they have to start repaying their debt. The
vast majority of this debt was run up under the Hawke government's Higher
Education Contribution Scheme .

In 2005 the Australian Howard government introduced a new system, called the
Higher Education Loan Programme (HELP), to replace the HECS. The programme is
open to all students, but those who chose to pay their full tuition fee upfront
receive a 20% discount. Those who chose to partake in HELP have two options:
they can pay some of the tuition fee up-front and request a HELP loan for the
remainder or request a loan for the full tuition fee.

Under the HELP system the government lends the student the amount of any tuition
fee for each unit of their course that has not been paid directly to the
institution. Graduates will begin to repay their student debt once they reach a
certain level of income, with the rates at the moment standing at 4% of annual
income starting at AUS$50,000 and rising to 8% for someone on an annual income
of AUS$83,400 or over. Graduates earning less than AUS$45,000 p/a have no
repayment requirements until such a point as they begin to earn inside the
repayment bracket.

HELP loans don't attract interest, but are instead indexed to the Consumer Price
Index on 1 June each year. The government, therefore, gets back more than it
lends because the CPI goes up every year, with the indexation rate was 2.8% in
2006 and 3.5% in 2010.

A 20% loan fee applies to HELP loans for undergraduate courses. This means that
students borrowing AUS$10,000 to pay for a course will incur a fee of AUS$2,000.
Students or graduates can make voluntary repayment of AUS$500 or more, receiving
a bonus of 10% when they do so. In practice this means that voluntary payments
of AUS$1,000 credit their accounts with AUS$1,100.

Limits are also in place for total repayment costs graduates are liable to pay.
At the moment those maximums stand at AUS$86,400 for students not undertaking a
medicine, dentistry or veterinary science course and AUS$108,000 for those who
are. This dichotomy is made based on the perceived earning power of degrees
linked directly to established, highly-paying professions.

Each university or other higher education provider sets the tuition fee for each
unit of study and the date by which payment of the fee is required. It is based
upon the expected earnings following a students' graduation, not the cost of
providing the course. Students attending private universities may also avail of
a similar FEE-HELP system.

The Australian HELP system has been widely praised by university administrations
but many in the country hold concerns over rising debt levels for students.
According to the government average student debt now stands at over AUS$20,000,
but this can be a misleading figure because it includes students who pay upfront
and incur no debt.

Many graduates of elite Australian public institutions have debts closer to the
maximum levels. Australian students borrow around AUS$1billion per year for
their education, with some degrees costing up to AUS$200,000.

This is, in large part, due to the steady increase in the cost of obtaining a
degree in Australia. With deregulation of university fees in 2005 many colleges
took advantage of an opprtunity to increase fees by up to 25%. The recent
general election saw calls for a further increase coming from Australian
universities.

Higher-education commentators, likeThe Australian's Stephen Hatchett, warn that
the pressures for fee rises will continue. In an August 2011 column on hisCommon
Room blog he warned that student debt could "blow out". Drawing comparisons with
the US system, where total student debt stands at over $1billion and average
debts are above $25,000, he pointed to a study that showed US higher-education
costs had risen 439% between 1982 and 2006 (compared to just 251% for
healthcare). "The US experience," he says, "demonstrates what can happen."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                 The Forum: Piedmont Virginia Community College

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

'Unfriending' could have psychological impact

BYLINE: Brittny Mejia

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 333 words


A U. Arizona researcher found losing friends on Facebook may present negative
psychological effects for some, but for a site that has more than 800 million
users and counting, losing one friend may seem insignificant to others.

David Sbarra, a UA psychology professor, said the psychological effects on some
Facebook users who are unfriended are especially common in those with a history
of social rejection.

Neuroscience research demonstrates that even rejection from something as simple
as a game of catch can cause activation in regions of the brain that are
associated with physical pain, Sbarra said.

"We are a social species, we get along best by connecting with other people," he
said. "Being unfriended is a signal that something isn't going right in the
social environment and we are programmed to detect threats in the social
environment."

Sbarra explained that some people are hyper-focused on relationships and their
status within those relationships. These people tend to have a more anxious
attachment to others and are more likely to get upset when unfriended.

"I think it would bother people who aren't social and don't have a lot of
friends, or people with a low self-esteem," said Erica Goudy, a psychology
sophomore who has more than 100 Facebook friends.

Others with a friend count as high as 700 sometimes don't even notice when
someone deletes them, or if they do, they are unfazed by the action.

"It bothers people that are addicted to Facebook and care too much," said Tim
Brousse, a UA freshman studying pre-business who has more than 700 friends. "It
doesn't bug me at all."

Sometimes the act of unfriending is as simple as people going through their
Facebook friend list and deleting anyone they do not socialize with, Sbarra
said. Other times, being unfriended can reflect a rift in a friendship.

"I don't really care," said Beatriz Verdugo, a UA pre-business sophomore. "You
don't really need a friend if they're deleting you. You can tell what kind of
person they are if they do."

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     Chicago Maroon: University of Chicago

                            January 13, 2012 Friday

"Mugged" mugs lampoon Hyde Park crime, get shot down by ORCSA

BYLINE: Celia Bever

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 509 words


A third-year entrepreneur drew the scrutiny of the Office of the Reynolds Club
and Student Activities last week, after he set up shop in the Reynolds Club
selling mugs that read, "Where fun comes to get mugged."

Photo: Darren Leow/The Chicago MaroonThird-year Chris Stavitsky from Simulacrum
sells mugs at Reynolds Club during the first week of the quarter. Chris
Stavitsky, who tabled from Tuesday to Friday, shut down his operation after a
run-in with ORCSA over rules violations capped off a week of unprofitable
business and administrative complaints about the mugs' message.

Administrators told the RSO adviser who had loaned Stavitsky his table space
that the slogan was negative and misrepresented the University's relationship
with the surrounding communities.

Stavitsky originally intended to use the proceeds of the sale for Simulacrum, an
arts RSO which he leads. However, because Simulacrum is still renewing its RSO
status, it was unable to reserve a table in Reynolds.

To get around the rule, he swapped donation money with another RSO for use of
its table, effectively buying space in Reynolds Club. He later discovered that
this is prohibited under ORSCA policies and apologized; the sale was allowed to
continue through the end of the week.

Stavitsky, who is also a Viewpoints columnist at theMaroon, declined to disclose
the name of the RSO whose table he used. However, an online ORCSA listing of RSO
room reservations details a "mug sale" from 11:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. every day
last week under the name "FOTGC-Sigma Chi."

While administrators bristled at the mugs' depiction of University life as
fraught with peril, a more peaceful image "is just not the truth," Stavitsky
said. He pointed out that a student was mugged during the week of the sale.

Stavitsky told the adviser, whom he requested be kept anonymous, that he would
respond to any complainants' direct questions and concerns. However, no one
contacted him.

"I was kept relatively in the dark," Stavitsky said. "I only have the vaguest
idea about the complaints."

Stavitsky said that he intended to spread crime awareness-a message which
garnered a commendation from a passing UCPD officer, he said.

Though Stavitsky has never been mugged, his friends have. He said they
"appreciated" the mugs.

Stavitsky said he would like to resume the sale at some point in the future, but
that this is unlikely until Simulacrum regains its RSO status. He also plans to
update the club's bylaws, putting less focus on graphic design and more on
student entrepreneurship-an emphasis he tried to demonstrate with the sale.

"Fundraising should be treated as a business," Stavitsky said. "Most of the
fundraising done on campus is not effective."

Stavitsky said he originally intended to sell shot glasses reading, "Where Fun
Goes to Get Shot." He said he got the idea from a post on the Facebook group,
"Overheard at UChicago." However, he thought the phrase was too strong and that
more students would buy mugs.

Roughly 90 mugs were sold at $10 each. He borrowed the money to purchase the
mugs from friends.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Stanford Daily: Stanford University

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

DO's and DOO-DOO's: Fears

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 742 words


Fear is defined by Dictionary.com as"a distressing emotion aroused by impending
danger, evil, pain, etc., whether the threat is real or imagined." ("Classic use
of a definition as an opening hook. You've got 'em suckered in now, Chase!") If
we were playing an icebreaker game and you asked me what was my biggest fear, I
would first make a joke about how awful of an icebreaker game this was and then
probably answer, "bald people." ("And you just lost 'em. Nice job, Chase.")

I understand this fear is completely irrational. Most bald people I've met have
been pleasant and not threatening. I don't know what type of danger they may
pose. I don't even know if "bald" is the politically correct terminology. (Maybe
they prefer "hair-follicle challenged?" I'm getting angry emails either way.)
Honestly, I don't even know that many bald people. (That's a much better
icebreaker game! Make a list of all the bald people you know. Extra points if
they are in the room!)

All I know is that whenever I see a bald person, I think of that scene fromThe
Mummy when High Priest Imhotep opens up his mouth and millions of bugs fly out,
and the eight-year-old inside me starts to cry. (Metaphor alert: there is not
actually an eight-year-old inside of me.)

That long and slightly (or very) obnoxious ramble was to demonstrate that in
order to face our fears, we must first identify them. We may do our best to not
think about our fears because that requires admitting they exist. (Fear of
fears? Meta!) But it is important to be aware of what we fear. It allows us to
understand ways in which we have been crippled or controlled by our fears, and
most importantly, it reveals our true values. And that brings us to this week's
advice:

DO: Know your fear.

DOO-DOO: Hide from your fear.

Without properly understanding our fears, we are more prone to being controlled
and held captive by them. (If you replace "fears" in that sentence with "robots
with lasers," this article gets much more interesting.) As mentioned in past
articles, I entered Stanford with a negative perception of Stanford students and
culture. I imagined everyone to be the rich, pompous elitists so expertly
portrayed by the satirical twitter handle @stanfordDOUCHE. (I had a good laugh
when someone sent this to me. If I understood the Twitter, I would follow or
subscribe or twit-attack or whatever it is that you do on the Twitter.)

I was so scared of being lumped into this negative image (which doesn't even
really exist) that I actively went out of my way to be perceived as
"non-Stanford" as possible. (For the first half of freshman year, when people
asked where I went to school, I would answer "a small school up north," and when
I then had to answer "Stanford" to their follow-up question, I looked like the
pretentious asshole I was so afraid of being.) Worse, I missed out on a lot of
the opportunities provided by the school.

We can also be crippled by our fears. I've talked to plenty of students who are
stressed about choosing their majors. (There's that less-than-half-truth
floating around that your major determines your job, which determines the rest
of your life.) At the root of their indecision were different types and degrees
of fear. "I'm scared I might make the wrong decision" actually means "I'm scared
I may not have a job," or "I'm scared of what my parents will say," or "I'm
scared I won't enjoy it" or any combination of any other possibilities.
Especially at a place like Stanford, hyper-concerned with researching and
knowing the facts before making a decision, these fears can be paralyzing.

I've recently been exploring the possibility of co-terming in...something. Only
more recently did I identify this false ambition as a response to my fear of
failing as a screenwriter. It's a tough industry, and if I don't make it, I
would at least have a degree to fall back on (besides the religious studies
degree that I know EVERY company is looking for). Identifying this fear of
failure doesn't make it disappear, but it does allow me to consider the
situation more fully. What do I value more: security and stability or creativity
and passion? And is it worth the risk of failure?

Take some time this week and ask yourself, "What am I so afraid of? And why? And
is it worth the risk?"

Are you scared of emailing Chase at ninjaish "at" stanford "dot" edu? Don't be.
(Well, only if you look a lot like Kate Beckinsale. Bald people and everyone
else, don't waste your time.)

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  Independent Collegian: University of Toledo

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Professor to host concealed weapon course

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 339 words


Shots will fly as five members of UT's College Republicans attend a concealed
weapons course this weekend.

This day-long seminar will begin with a lecture explaining how to legally
conceal and carry a firearm. The students will then demonstrate their shooting
abilities with live ammunition at a shooting range.

If their aim is accurate, participants who are 21 years old and up will be
licensed to carry a concealed firearm in Ohio.

This is the second time the College Republicans will have the opportunity to
learn about carrying a concealed firearm.

Scott Mazzola, Doug Dettert, Drew Ashcraft, Patrick Richardson and Beth
Mellinger will be exercising their right to bear arms Saturday.

Mellinger, a senior majoring in communication, was an attendee of the previous
course and is looking forward to another chance to shoot.

"I had so much fun and learned so much [at the first course]," Mellinger said in
an email. "I think this definitely helped our group feel more unified because we
were able to bond over taking full advantage of our rights."

This session will be hosted by Brian Patrick, associate professor of
communication and gun enthusiast, at his Michigan residence. Patrick is known
for his advocacy for the Second Amendment from his appearance on Tom Gresham's
radio show, "Gun Talk" and his book "The National Rifle Association and the
Media: The Motivating Force of Negative Coverage."

These concealed carrying courses aren't the only pro-gun events the College
Republicans have hosted.

"The [College Republicans] go recreational shooting pretty frequently,"
Mellinger said. "I've always valued the Bill of Rights and tried to keep their
importance relevant to my own life."

Mellinger said anyone interested in shooting with the group is more than welcome
to contact the College Republicans and come along.

"I think that anyone that loves their freedom as an American would enjoy this
course," she said. "Knowledge of proper firearm use is something that all
Americans should have, even if they choose to not exercise their right."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The Tartan: Carnegie Mellon University

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

SciTech Briefs

BYLINE: Ellis Robinson

SECTION: SCI; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 740 words


NASA's Kepler and the search for Goldilocks

The Kepler Space Telescope, whose mission is to find potentially habitable
planets outside of our solar system, has been on a roll recently. In the past
week, scientists connected to NASA's Kepler Mission have published findings of
newly identified planets, and the results are "stranger and weirder than
fiction." One team observed a planet orbiting around two different stars, while
another discovered the smallest planetary system thus far known to science, both
firsts of their kind. Although both planets are outside of the "habitable zone"
- the region around a star where liquid water can exist - the quest to find
Earth-sized planets that might be "just right" for life continues.

Sources: The New York Times, Science NOW

Bird flu study sparks outrage, fear, and debate

In November, a team of scientists from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and
the Erasmus Medical Center (Netherlands) was preparing to publish virology
research on a mutated strain of the H5N1 virus - commonly referred to as "bird
flu." The mutated virus found in the scientists' studies was able to become
airborne and contagious between ferrets, indicating that the new strain would be
highly contagious in humans compared to the common strain of H5N1.

The scientists announced last Friday that they would put a 60-day moratorium on
their research when the public, other scientists, and governments asserted that
the potential publication of their research would pose an extreme bioterrorism
threat.

Source: Wired magazine

Medical device advances field of cell sorting

A manuscript accepted for publication in Analytical Chemistry this week outlines
a novel cell sorting method that could be used for detecting tumor cells in
blood samples. Researchers used a well-established sorting method that relies on
tagging cells with antibodies that contain magnetic beads, and then separating
them from untagged cells within a magnetic field.

The breakthrough comes from the device that the team created: Using a
microfluidic device scaled specifically for finding rare cells, the scientists
were able to sort cells at much lower concentrations than previously possible.
This opens the magnetic separation method as a possible tool for other disease
diagnostics.

Source: Chemical & Engineering News

One journal, one university, two different takes

Separate research groups at Cornell University are making contradictory claims
about the greenhouse gas impact of energy from shale-derived natural gas versus
coal.

Professor of ecology Robert Howarth claims that problems like methane leaking in
natural gas extraction from shale makes its greenhouse gas impact "perhaps more
than twice as great" as that from coal. His research is met with a strong
opposition voice from colleague Lawrence Cathles, who calls Howarth's study
"seriously flawed." Both pieces appeared in the latest issue of the journal
Climatic Change, and come at a tense period of debate for New York state, where
there currently exists a moratorium on high-volume hydraulic fracturing methods
of gas extraction.

Source: Associated Press

Enzyme research finds a friend in Pac-Man

Bacteria are to lysozyme as power pellets are to Pac-Man. That is the analogy
used by Philip Collins, lead investigator of a new study published in the
journal Science that demonstrates how lysozyme, an enzyme found in saliva and
tears, is able to eat through a bacterium's cell wall, causing it to explode. In
the experiments, scientists attached the enzyme to a carbon nanotube that acted
as a transistor, which amplified the signal of the lysozyme's chomping motion.
The study helps to shed light on the detailed chemical mechanism for how these
"Pac-Man" enyzmes do their job in our immune systems.

Source: National Public Radio

Building retrofits a savvy investment, new study says

A new investigation prepared by Deutsche Bank and Living Cities says that
retrofitting city housing dwellings is good not only for the environment, but
also for investment. The first benefit is simple to understand: Replace an
existing light bulb with a more efficient one, and you will save energy. But
banks have been slow to underwrite loans for large-scale retrofits, and such
projects usually rely on public subsidies. The study used a 231-building dataset
to conclude that such retrofits can easily offset the loans required to pay for
them by savings in energy costs.

Source: Next American City magazine

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The Spectrum: Sacred Heart University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Academic showcases display faculty talents

BYLINE: Mike Peterson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 592 words


Sacred Heart University's Presidential Inaugural Lecture Series has featured
academic lectures from several prominent scholars, will continue with four
Academic Research Showcases in the Schine Auditorium.

Each of the four colleges at Sacred Heart will be represented in the Academic
Research Showcase. According to the Sacred Heart University website, the four
lecturers are Anne M. Barker, Ed. D.; Jacqueline Kelleher, Ph.D.; Peter Maresco,
Ph.D.; and Jennifer McLaughlin. Each lecture is free of charge and open to the
public.

The showcases give the university a chance to display the talents of its faculty
members. "I think it's a great idea," said senior Kelly Rogers. "We always have
people coming in from other colleges to speak. This gives people a chance to see
how capable our own professors are."

Proposals from Sacred Heart faculty needed to be in the professor's academic
field. They also needed to pertain to the university's yearlong inaugural theme,
"A Time for New Beginnings."

The first lecture is tonight at 7 p.m. and will represent the College of Arts
and Sciences. Prof. Jennifer McLaughlin will present "Reflecting on the
Bicentennial of the War of 1812." McLaughlin's talk will focus on the Treaty of
Ghent in 1814 and the "new beginnings" that it led to in the U.S.

"Prof. McLaughlin's lecture should be very interesting," said senior Felicia
Hernandez. "It's great that someone will be commemorating the War of 1812, which
was an important part of U.S. history. Plus, as a history major I'm excited that
we'll be representing the College of Arts and Sciences."

The second lecture will exhibit the College of Health Professions. On Wednesday,
Feb. 8 at 7 p.m., Barker will speak on "Complexity Science: A Theoretical Model
to Inform New Beginnings." Her lecture will discuss complexity science as it
relates to Sacred Heart, and also suggest approaches for working and teaching in
a complex adaptive system.

Rogers looks forward to the lecture and the effects it will have for the College
of Health Professions.

"It shows what the school is all about," she said. "A lot of people hear 'health
professions' and think it's all about healing sick and injured people. But the
professors here are concerned with a lot of different subjects and areas of
study."

Kelleher will address "Film and Perspective-Taking: Educating Educators on Youth
with Autism" on Tuesday, Feb. 28 at 8 p.m. Representing the Isabelle Farrington
College of Education, Kelleher will talk about the role that multi-media can
play in equipping teachers with the tools and understanding to manage autism
spectrum disorders. Her undertaking was partially inspired by her autistic twin
14-year-old boys.

Dr. Peter Maresco of the John F. Welch College of Business will deliver a
lecture on "The Expanding Christian Marketplace: If You Can Name It, Or Make It,
the Christian Marketplace Probably Sells It!" On Wednesday, March 14 at 7 p.m.,
Maresco will examine the considerable market for Christian-themed items. His
lecture is also the introduction to a book he is writing about the Christian
marketplace.

The lectures display the wide range of academic study at Sacred Heart.

"No two lectures are alike, which is impressive," said Hernandez. "These
presentations will show how diverse the school is. There are great teachers in
every department."

Rogers believes that the lectures will also demonstrate the faculty's passion.

"Professors are interested in the subjects they teach on," she said. "I think
we'll see how creative and enthusiastic they can be with these lectures."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                           The Post: Ohio University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

That's a Difference of Anatomy: Dating should have a balance between who pays

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 491 words


The realm of traditional American dating states that the man in the relationship
will foot the bill, buy the gifts and cater to the woman's every whim.

In return, the woman must look her best, arrive on time and please her man as
much as possible. Women receive the money and men receive the pleasure, but in
this rather outdated model, who really ends up on top?

In this case, social conditioning has afforded men yet another chance to
demonstrate their bravado: a chance to show that they are indeed the ones that
hold the position of power.

As women, is it our duty to give in to these social demands, if only to avoid
offending his delicate male ego? Or is his thinning wallet secretly hoping I'll
at least make an attempt to foot the bill?

The answer is far from simple. Although many men would balk at the idea of a
woman paying for their meal, ticket, etc., I'm sure there are also quite a few
who wouldn't mind if the woman paid - at least once in a while.

Everyone is well aware that the United States is facing economic instability,
which means that even the wealthiest among us are feeling the need to tighten
the strings on their spending. So, is it really fair to put the monetary strain
of dating squarely on the man's shoulders?

Women generally claim feminist values, but more often than not, they still feel
entitled to free meals and extravagant endowments simply because they're female.

I'm here to pose a question: Do you really think you deserve better treatment
just because you're a girl? That sounds a bit sexist to me.

Nonetheless, in women's defense, it's also unfair to assume that men can buy our
love and affection. Too often, young men assume that if they wine you and dine
you, they're entitled to recline you.

This is far from true, and frankly, if this is the thought going through your
head as you offer to pay, you better not mention it. Women do not view a date as
an obligation for sexual favors, nor should they.

Dating is a delicate balance of give-and-take, often supplemented with enough
head games to drive even the sanest person absolutely mad. Is he going to call?
Should I kiss her goodnight? At night's end, do you really want to have to worry
about who's indebted to whom?

The new dating model should be based on mutual generosity and a general liking
of the other person. No one should hold the upper hand, and no one should feel
any sort of monetary or sexual obligation.

Women, don't refuse your man's generous offer to pay, but don't take it for
granted either. The men work hard for the money they earn, and just because they
want to spend it on you, it does not mean that they have to.

Chivalry is not dead by any standard - nor do I think it ever should be - but
women should learn to appreciate how good they have it.

Thank your man once in a while. Trust me, he deserves it.

Rachel Sayers is a freshman studying journalism and a columnist for The Post.
Who should foot the bill? Email her at rs289910@ohiou.edu

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Harvard Crimson: Harvard University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

The Path Beyond Durban

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 948 words


Historically, climate conferences have failed to create binding agreements to
mitigate global warming signi?cantly. The Durban Climate Change Conference-which
took place in South Africa in Dec. 2011-is the latest example of this failure.
Although some progress was made at Durban, it was hardly the major step towards
climate change mitigation that many hoped for. The new "legal framework" setting
binding emissions reductions won't take effect until 2020, yet in 2010 alone CO2
emissions increased six percent. Last year saw unprecedented extreme weather and
glacial melting. Now more than ever, the world's population requires serious
commitments to phasing out fossil fuels and developing renewable energy.

While this international failure is tragic, it is not surprising. Each country
has unique economic challenges, values, traditions, and norms, and each is
affected by climate change in a different way. One treaty cannot encompass the
diverse qualities and needs of every country. Rather than wait for the magic
conference that unites all nations, we should expand the role of international
bodies to support, exhort, pressure, and coordinate binding legislation at the
national level. A brief comparison of the United States, Bolivia, and China
illustrates this need.

The environmental movement in the United States is built on unsustainable
action. Since the ?rst Earth Day in 1970, millions of people have gathered to
demonstrate their concern for the environment. But this action has not
translated into meaningful change because education it has not been reinforced
with education. Americans do not understand how environmental degradation
affects their lives. Yet the transition to greener lifestyles will occur when
citizens understand what's going on. A recent report from George Mason
University reveals this problem. When asked in 2008 how likely they were to
switch to energy-ef?cient light-bulbs, 44 percent of Americans said they would
either like to or de?nitely would make the switch. By 2011 that had dropped to
34 percent. In 2008, 42 percent said that Americans' energy-saving actions would
reduce global warming. By 2011, only 26 percent believed this. These ?ndings
suggest that environmental awareness has not taken hold on an individual level.
The environmental movement in the US needs to expand its focus to include a
national educational agenda that can drive and support social action and policy.

Bolivia's environmental movement, in contrast, is based upon Andean religion.
While living in Bolivia, I learned that the idea of Pachamama-the native Quechua
word for "Mother Nature"-pervades society. People want to maintain peace and
reciprocity with Pachamama. If a family harvests potatoes, they must in turn
sacrifice an animal to keep balance between humanity and Mother Nature. Some
Bolivians see modern environmental problems as Mother Nature's retaliation for
humans abusing the Earth. Humans have cut down too many trees without giving
anything in return. Now, they believe, we are paying the price with climate
change, especially rapidly melting glaciers that threaten water supplies. Other
environmental issues plaguing Bolivia-from destructive mining practices to
deforestation-are the legacy of centuries of poverty, corruption, and
exploitation. Despite this difficult history, spirituality pervades the everyday
life of most citizens. Environmental education, while necessary in America,
would not be effective in Bolivia just as the spirituality of Bolivians would
not mesh with American culture. Bolivia's top priorities should be more
stringent industrial regulation to stop environmental degradation. It will need
to develop and acquire green technologies that increase access to water while
minimizing environmental harm.

China presents another contrast. It is plagued with severe pollution issues:
coal accounts for 70 percent of energy use, and car emissions increase as the
number of vehicles in China surpassed 100 million. Yet China has invested more
in renewable energy than almost any other country. With a powerful autocracy,
China can effect sweeping policy change quickly. China banned all plastic bags
in 2008 and has ambitious goals to reduce energy intensity. I lived in China for
three months last year, and I met with the major environmental organizations in
Shanghai and learned about environmentalism in China. I saw that average Chinese
citizens rejected the environmental movement because it was run by foreigners
and represented a Western approach. Effective approaches to climate change
mitigation will require an authentic Chinese strategy that involves both the
government and the people. For example, recycling systems that close the waste
loop would have a signi?cant impact. China must also bring energy-ef?cient and
eco-friendly products into mainstream consumer markets. The Chinese people
require ecologically sound alternatives as well as education and regulation.

The disappointment at Durban should unite environmentalists in forging a new
path beyond Durban because the effort to bring about binding international
agreements is necessary but not suf?cient. The profoundly diverse scenarios of
America, Bolivia, and China show that nations are more likely to achieve
substantial legislation to mitigate climate change when it is linked to their
unique challenges and values. These actions can then be coordinated on an
international level to ensure that global targets are met. Change must occur
bottom-up as well as top-down. The failure of the Durban conference signals that
it is time to rethink a global approach to environmentalism.

Chloe S. Maxmin '15, a Crimson editorial writer, lives in Wigglesworth Hall.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             The California Aggie: University of California - Davis

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Column: Porn for everyone

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 673 words


When I said I'd talk about masturbation, I didn't mean that I'd be providing a
handy (ha!) how-to guide. Masturbation is pretty private, and most people have
figured out their preferred method, so you don't need my help. What I can do is
tell you that masturbating is a normal activity with a number of benefits. For
example, the hormones it releases can lower feelings of anxiety and help you
sleep. So, during midterm season it might be helpful to take a few moments for
yourself (as it were).

Masturbation can also be an educational opportunity for you and your partner.
If, for example, your partner is not quite making the right motions during
sexy-times, you can demonstrate for them the locations and movements that work
best. This way you don't end up frustrated, they feel more confident about how
to please you and they get a sexy show.

Additionally, masturbation is an aid in situations in which you have sexual
needs but no outlet. You may be between partners, or your partner(s) are far
away or you may be in the difficult situation of practicing abstinence while
having human urges that you want to act on. In these cases a little self-love is
the easiest way to ease the pressure.

Now, I would be remiss if I talked about masturbation without talking about
fantasy and porn. After all, those are the main aids people use when
masturbating. Plus, I am astounded by the number of advice columns in which
someone is freaking out because they found out their partner has
fantasies/watches porn. It's time to set the record straight.

If you discover that your partner is watching porn, you should not take it as a
sign that they are not attracted to you or don't find you sexually satisfying.
Porn is a common indulgence, and is just one of many ways of getting aroused and
getting off. I know multiple people who use it as a way of getting themselves in
the mood prior to seeing their partner. So, if you find out your partner likes
porn, don't panic (you might even find you like watching it with them). The only
time to be concerned is if they are neglecting your relationship or their other
responsibilities to watch porn (the same goes for masturbating).

Whether or not you choose to tell your partner about your fantasies or porn
preferences is best determined case by case. You need to keep in mind whether
the discussion is hypothetical or whether its purpose is finding new activities
to try. You don't want to suggest something that goes against your partner's
beliefs or makes them feel insecure. If you get off on the thought of kicking
puppies and your partner is an animal lover, better to keep it to yourself. The
best kinds of fantasies to share are broad (such as being tied up). That way,
there is likely to be an interpretation that you and your partner can both
enjoy.

Now, there are many people who object to porn, and there are reasons why it's
problematic. The mainstream porn industry tends to reduce people (particularly
women) to objects, presents some identities or bodies as ideal while fetishizing
others, and focuses mostly on male pleasure. But porn encompasses a wider range
of images than you think.

I recommend reading Making Authenticity Explicit: How Women-Made Pornography
Constructs "Real Sex"  by UC Davis professor Jill Bakehorn (you can find it via
the Melvyl database), which examines genres of porn that claim to combat these
problems.

If you are someone who finds stereotypical porn arousing in the physiological
sense but uncomfortable in the mental one, the best thing to do is shop around.
Get a sense of what you like on sites like Redtube and NoFauxxx. Watch straight
porn, gay porn, alt porn and everything in between (if something makes you
immediately uncomfortable, turn it off). Experiment until you find something
that really appeals to you. Whether you choose post-punk-lesbian or horny
housewife-meets-delivery boy, at the end of the day it's your pleasure and
comfort that are important.

SAM WALL can tell you much more about porn. Ask for details by e-mailing
sewall@ucdavis.edu

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Optimist: Abilene Christian University

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

University's SACS accreditation reaffirmed

BYLINE: Jozie Sands

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 906 words


Posted on January 26, 2012 | News | Comments Off

The university's efforts over the past several years to satisfy its regional
accrediting body have succeeded. The Southern Association of Colleges and
Schools notified the university late last semester that its accreditation with
the organization has been reaffirmed.

What's more, the reaffirmation comes with no required monitoring or probationary
period, said Dr. Nancy Shankle, chair of the university's Reaffirmation
Leadership Team.

Faculty members from other accredited universities represented Georgia-based
SACS during a visit to campus last year, and the SACS decision means no more
monitoring will be necessary until 2021. Shankle said only seven percent of the
institutions audited by SACS last year were not required to present follow-up
information regarding faculty credentials.

"We demonstrated compliance with a whole range of requirements within that first
go around," Shankle said.

Accredited institutions are required to provide two separate documents as part
of the SACS reaffirmation process. The Compliance Certification is an audit of
the requirements prescribed by the organization and the federal government. The
other document is the Quality Enhancement Plan, which at ACU focuses on
undergraduate research literacy.

SACS is one of six regional accrediting bodies recognized by the federal
government. The university achieved accreditation in 1951 and has maintained it
since.

The Compliance Certification

Shankle said she knew the process was going well when members of the
accreditation committee started canceling meetings during their onsite visit in
the fall.

"They had already answered their questions," Shankle said.

Shankle and the rest of the Reaffirmation Leadership Team, Dr. Tom Winter,
professor of social work and former vice provost, Dr. Tom Milholland, director
of Institutional Research and Assessment, and Dr. Phyllis Bolin, director of
Pursuit QEP, had to demonstrate that ACU's general education program was
comprehensive and that the students are meeting the student learning outcomes
through assessments.

Shankle said some questions remained related to the new CORE curriculum. Because
the SACS visit was the same year the new curriculum was implemented, students
hadn't finished the first semester and their learning couldn't be assessed.

"We collected evidence from the end of the fall semester, a year ago, and then
the spring semester," Shankle said. "We said, 'Here's the assessment we did
under the old gen ed, here's the plan for our full new gen ed and here's what
we've done during the first year.' And then we crossed our fingers."

Shankle said ACU's track record showed the accreditation committee that ACU
would implement the plan well, so it didn't assign any monitoring reports.

The Quality Enhancement Plan

The other document required as part of the reaffirmation process was the Quality
Enhancement Plan. While the Compliance Certification looks at what the
institution has done in the past, the QEP examines the plan the university has
for enhancing future student learning, said Dr. Phyllis Bolin, director of
Pursuit QEP.

ACU's QEP, Pursuit, is designed to build a community of research, scholarship
and creative expression.

"Pursuit will benefit students because undergraduate research is an exciting way
to engage in an academic discipline inside and outside the classroom," Bolin
said. "It also leads to a deeper understanding of their chosen academic
discipline."

The focus of Pursuit, research literacy, was chosen after an intense process of
conducting discussions with faculty, staff students and alumni.

"It is a broad-based far-sighted vision for transformative learning experiences
for students," Bolin said.

The QEP group examined each facet of the Pursuit plan in detail, met with
faculty and students and questioned many across campus about the plan for
Pursuit and its implementation during its onsite visit last April.

"They were very complimentary and made no recommendations for the QEP," Bolin
said. "That is good because a recommendation means that they believe there are
significant problems to be addressed."

Because of the positive response, the team began to implement the QEP in earnest
in fall 2011.

Shankle said it is in the best interest of ACU and its students to maintain
accreditation. To be in good standing with the federal government, a university
must be accredited by one of the six regional accrediting bodies.

"Professors who do research cannot receive any grant money unless we are
regionally accredited, and students can not receive any federal loans unless we
are accredited," Shankle said.

ACU also has a dozen or more specialized accreditations, which would not be
possible without the regional accreditation. Several departments and colleges
have achieved accreditation within their fields.

But the Reaffirmation Leadership team must prove the university's worth in more
than just an academic realm.

The accrediting body requires that they present data concerning all aspects of
the university. Student life, library and learning resources, the board of
trustees and financial resources are a few of those areas.

"It covers every aspect of the university, and all of these rules are important
because when we receive this accreditation it shows other universities that we
are fully accredited," Shankle said. "Our students' degrees are more valuable
because they are coming from an accredited university."

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Optimist: Abilene Christian University

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

University's SACS accreditation reaffirmed

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 915 words

University's SACS accreditation reaffirmed

By Jozie Sands
Posted on January 26, 2012 | News | Comments Off

The university's efforts over the past several years to satisfy its regional
accrediting body have succeeded. The Southern Association of Colleges and
Schools notified the university late last semester that its accreditation with
the organization has been reaffirmed.

What's more, the reaffirmation comes with no required monitoring or probationary
period, said Dr. Nancy Shankle, chair of the university's Reaffirmation
Leadership Team.

Faculty members from other accredited universities represented Georgia-based
SACS during a visit to campus last year, and the SACS decision means no more
monitoring will be necessary until 2021. Shankle said only seven percent of the
institutions audited by SACS last year were not required to present follow-up
information regarding faculty credentials.

"We demonstrated compliance with a whole range of requirements within that first
go around," Shankle said.

Accredited institutions are required to provide two separate documents as part
of the SACS reaffirmation process. The Compliance Certification is an audit of
the requirements prescribed by the organization and the federal government. The
other document is the Quality Enhancement Plan, which at ACU focuses on
undergraduate research literacy.

SACS is one of six regional accrediting bodies recognized by the federal
government. The university achieved accreditation in 1951 and has maintained it
since.

The Compliance Certification

Shankle said she knew the process was going well when members of the
accreditation committee started canceling meetings during their onsite visit in
the fall.

"They had already answered their questions," Shankle said.

Shankle and the rest of the Reaffirmation Leadership Team, Dr. Tom Winter,
professor of social work and former vice provost, Dr. Tom Milholland, director
of Institutional Research and Assessment, and Dr. Phyllis Bolin, director of
Pursuit QEP, had to demonstrate that ACU's general education program was
comprehensive and that the students are meeting the student learning outcomes
through assessments.

Shankle said some questions remained related to the new CORE curriculum. Because
the SACS visit was the same year the new curriculum was implemented, students
hadn't finished the first semester and their learning couldn't be assessed.

"We collected evidence from the end of the fall semester, a year ago, and then
the spring semester," Shankle said. "We said, 'Here's the assessment we did
under the old gen ed, here's the plan for our full new gen ed and here's what
we've done during the first year.' And then we crossed our fingers."

Shankle said ACU's track record showed the accreditation committee that ACU
would implement the plan well, so it didn't assign any monitoring reports.

The Quality Enhancement Plan

The other document required as part of the reaffirmation process was the Quality
Enhancement Plan. While the Compliance Certification looks at what the
institution has done in the past, the QEP examines the plan the university has
for enhancing future student learning, said Dr. Phyllis Bolin, director of
Pursuit QEP.

ACU's QEP, Pursuit, is designed to build a community of research, scholarship
and creative expression.

"Pursuit will benefit students because undergraduate research is an exciting way
to engage in an academic discipline inside and outside the classroom," Bolin
said. "It also leads to a deeper understanding of their chosen academic
discipline."

The focus of Pursuit, research literacy, was chosen after an intense process of
conducting discussions with faculty, staff students and alumni.

"It is a broad-based far-sighted vision for transformative learning experiences
for students," Bolin said.

The QEP group examined each facet of the Pursuit plan in detail, met with
faculty and students and questioned many across campus about the plan for
Pursuit and its implementation during its onsite visit last April.

"They were very complimentary and made no recommendations for the QEP," Bolin
said. "That is good because a recommendation means that they believe there are
significant problems to be addressed."

Because of the positive response, the team began to implement the QEP in earnest
in fall 2011.

Shankle said it is in the best interest of ACU and its students to maintain
accreditation. To be in good standing with the federal government, a university
must be accredited by one of the six regional accrediting bodies.

"Professors who do research cannot receive any grant money unless we are
regionally accredited, and students can not receive any federal loans unless we
are accredited," Shankle said.

ACU also has a dozen or more specialized accreditations, which would not be
possible without the regional accreditation. Several departments and colleges
have achieved accreditation within their fields.

But the Reaffirmation Leadership team must prove the university's worth in more
than just an academic realm.

The accrediting body requires that they present data concerning all aspects of
the university. Student life, library and learning resources, the board of
trustees and financial resources are a few of those areas.

"It covers every aspect of the university, and all of these rules are important
because when we receive this accreditation it shows other universities that we
are fully accredited," Shankle said. "Our students' degrees are more valuable
because they are coming from an accredited university."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 348 DOCUMENTS


      Massachusetts Daily Collegian: University of Massachusetts - Amherst

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Obesity as a 'social problem'

SECTION: OPED; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 502 words


Flickr/colros

A lot is being made of obesity, especially in the most obese country in the
world: the United States. Obesity has been dubbed a 'social problem'. Factors
leading to obesity have been called harmful to the environment. It is said to
impose a large cost on the taxpayer and people have said that obesity causes so
many medical complications that it is diverting a massive amounts of funds away
from other areas of medicine. All those claims have different levels of
legitimacy, but it would be interesting to view obesity from an atypical
perspective- in connection to inequality.

I examined the relationship between obesity rates in various countries and the
Gini coefficient, a measure of inequality. Without delving into the mathematical
nitty gritty, the Gini coefficient is a ratio of sorts where a measurement of
zero denotes perfect equality and a measurement of 1 denotes perfect inequality.
It turns out that there is a relation. It is a course of relationship as it is
somewhat fluctuating and non-linear, but there is a definite relation. Of the
countries with relatively high obesity rates like the United States, Mexico, New
Zealand, Australia and South Africa, no country has a Gini coefficient of less
than 0.35. This is considerable given that the developing countries with the
highest inequality rates wallow around the 0.70 region. The countries that
demonstrate the highest rates of obesity have Gini coefficients ranging from
0.35 to 0.67. This does not mean that countries with higher Gini coefficients
necessarily have higher rates of obesity and therein lies the rub. My
observations are not correlational enough for any blanket theory to be derived
and correlation does not always prove causation anyway, but I think it is a good
example to put obesity in a different perspective.

Many people claim that it is overtly difficult and expensive to eat healthily,
especially for the lower socioeconomic strata. Costs of fast food are lower than
those of organic or otherwise healthy foods and people on a tight budget make
the obvious choice. The documentary "Food, Inc.," directed by Robert Kenner,
makes a similar point and observes that many low income families suffer from
obesity, diabetes and the like. Crops like corn and soy are heavily subsidized
and as a result, their unhealthy derivatives are used in countless cheap food
products. The popularity of fast foods containing meat shows no signs of
diminishing while the costs of fruits and vegetables remain on the expensive
side. Aside from all these, there seems to be a lack of education about healthy
eating. A lack of education coupled with an inadvertent proclivity for unhealthy
food is a dangerous combination.

Everyone is aware of obesity and the problems that it causes, but I thought it
interesting to see that there is in fact a correlation between the amount of
inequality in a country and the amount of people who qualify as obese.

Nikhil Rao is a Collegian columnist. He can be reached at nrao@student.umass.edu

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             The California Aggie: University of California - Davis

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Column: Parenting Iran

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 663 words


Iran is in a serious time-out, having just been sent to the proverbial oil
sanction corner on Monday by Daddy and Mommy European Union. Iran's punishment
comes after growing threats that the country is increasing funding for an
already sizable nuclear program.

The language used in describing this world news story is really that of a parent
disciplining a naughty child. While following the reporting, I almost felt like
the goody-goody sister eavesdropping from the stair banister, secretly reveling
in my sibling's sharp vicissitude. It felt uncomfortably self-righteous.

Within two paragraphs, I've already grown fond of this familial metaphor so I'm
going to make it an extended one. Entertain us both and you'll see that my
analogy does a fine job of mashing up the mystery that is international
relations by serving it into neat portions of easily digestible, child-proof
information.

In our family, there are the strict parents who offer non-negotiable
consequences: "Today's sanction against Bank Tejarat will deepen Iran's
financial isolation, make its access to hard currency even more tenuous and
further impair Iran's ability to finance its illicit nuclear program," said
David S. Cohen, U.S. Treasury undersecretary for terrorism and financial
intelligence.

His tone matches the oh-so-familiar "I'm taking away your allowance" defense.
"So what?" or "Pish posh!" we rebelliously retort. There are other ways to stay
financially solvent, ways that need not require the assistance of a guardian.

The EU accounts for a mere 18 percent (2.2 million barrels a day) of Iran's oil
export share. Iran could easily call up its Eastern friends in India and China,
who run a combined 35 percent tab on the country's exports, and negotiate a
10-15 percent discount to sell off the EU's leftovers.

While we may not be dependent on the ultimatum-giving parents, how do we
understand the new-age, Abercrombie-wearing, alcohol-supplying ones who coolly
accept the truths of our ever-corrupt society?

Meant as a warning against Iran's potential reactions to the imposed oil
sanctions, Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said, "For now, Iran
continues to produce nuclear weapons without disturbance."

This sort of relaxed attitude would be reminiscent of Regina George's mom in
Mean Girls walking in on her daughter and her boyfriend about to, ahem,
consummate their love. Mrs. George talks over the smacking of lips, "Can I get
you guys anything? Some snacks? A condom? Let me know! Oh God, love ya."

The parents who decry, "Kids will be kids!" and are almost too scared, or in
awe, of their children to fathom disciplining them will receive morsels of
respect from their offspring. If they allow oil or nuclear copulation to occur
under their roof, America and the EU will become these pushover types to Iran.

Lastly, there is the pleasantly stern parent team that sits decorously at the
dining table, fingers crossed and smiles half cracked. While the adults speak in
a calm, monotone voice, the child floods with hot tears to produce a reaction.

"Today's action demonstrates the EU's growing concern about Iran's nuclear
programme and our determination to increase peaceful, legitimate pressure on
Iran to return to negotiations," said British Foreign Secretary William Hague.

The European Union and U.S. seem to favor this clenched-jaw approach to taming
international disputes. As momentarily aggravating as it is to be the object of
another's discerning gaze, I can't help but concede from experience that such
scrutiny is in fact the best technique.

Without the perspective of others - be it parents or fellow countries - we
wouldn't have a way of knowing precisely where we fall on the human bell curve.
As Iran wades through these deep petroleum waters, I can only surmise that
America and the EU will wish for Iran to end up on the sweet side of the
function.

If you too have a knack for syllogisms, contact CHELSEA MEHRA at
cmehra@ucdavis.edu for deductive reasoning worksheets.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The Tartan: Carnegie Mellon University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

SciTech Briefs

SECTION: SCI; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 872 words


Exposure to PFCs could reduce immune response

A recent study suggests that exposure to perfluorinated compounds (PFCs) can
reduce immune response to vaccines. These compounds have been used for decades
and are most commonly found in nonstick coatings and food packaging. Studies in
animals have already suggested that PFCs suppress immune response, but the
effects of PFCs in humans have not been well understood.

The study, led by researchers at Harvard University, examined how children with
high levels of PFC exposure responded to vaccinations. The results showed that
five-year-old children with higher PFC levels had weaker responses to diphtheria
vaccines, suggesting a possible link between PFC exposure to an underdeveloped
immune system. The EPA is already taking measures to eliminate certain PFCs in
manufactured products.

Source: NPR, Journal of the American Medical Association

Magnetically responsive soaps could aid in oil spill

Chemists at the University of Bristol in the U.K. recently developed
magnetically responsive soap that can potentially be used to clean up oils
without leaving behind harmful residues. To make the soap, the researchers
dissolved iron particles in water that contained chlorine and bromine ions,
common materials found in household cleaning products. The soap molecules
contain metal centers, which allow them to be controlled by magnetic fields.

Using magnets, researchers were able to pull the soap through layered solutions
of water and oil and demonstrate a simple way to recover the soap from the bulk
solution. The physical properties of most soaps are controlled by temperature
and pH, so the addition of magnetic functionality introduces another design
parameter for creating new soap compounds.

Source: New Scientist magazine

New definition of autism is more stringent

For the first time in 17 years, the American Psychiatric Association is
reassessing the definitions of autism and related disorders. Researchers from
Yale University have performed a preliminary analysis on the potential impacts
of this new definition of autism by assessing data from a 1993 study on children
and adults with autistic disorders. They determined the fraction of those
individuals that would no longer be considered autistic under the proposed
definition.

Their results showed that 55 percent of high-functioning individuals would no
longer qualify as autistic under the new definition, whereas only 25 percent of
those previously diagnosed with "classic autism" would no longer be diagnosed
with autism. Narrowing the criteria for autistic disorders would make it more
difficult for individuals to qualify for health, educational, and social
services.

Source: The New York Times

North Star slowly fading away in the night sky

The North Star, also known as Polaris, may be shrinking according to a group of
German astrophysicists. Over 160 years of observations suggest that the star,
which sits over the North Pole because of its alignment with the Earth's axis,
may be shedding an amount of gas equivalent to Earth's mass every year. The
scientists measured the star's pulse - the length of time between periods when
the star grows dimmer and brighter. The data show that since 1844, the star's
pulse has been decreasing, on average, about 4.5 seconds every year. The
changing rate is higher than what would normally be assumed to match the
standard model for stellar evolution, suggesting that the star may actually be
shrinking.

Source: ScienceNOW, Astrophysical Journal Letters

Apple posts $13 billion in profits from latest quarter

Apple Inc. recently released figures for its first quarter earnings, which
shattered sales records in several categories. Apple executives are "very happy
to have generated over $17.5 billion in cash flow from operations during the
December quarter," according to Peter Oppenheimer, Apple's chief financial
officer.

The reported net profit of $13.06 billion this quarter is over twice the
reported profits from last year, and several products have experienced growth in
sales. A record 37 million iPhone units and 15.4 million iPads were sold this
year, which rounds out to 128 and 111 percent, respectively, in unit gains
compared to the previous year. The success of the iPhone as a smart phone and
portable audio device comes at the expense of the iPod, which was the only
product line to experience a decline in sales.

Source: Apple.com, Wired magazine

China to finally set cap on carbon emissions

The Chinese government has called for seven cities and provinces to set caps on
their greenhouse gas emissions. This is the first time the Chinese government
has ordered any absolute caps on emissions, previously setting "carbon
intensity" targets. This act is one of the first concrete steps that the country
has taken to address climate issues.

Thus far, the Chinese government has delayed in setting a national cap on
greenhouse gas emissions, citing the need for prioritizing economic growth.
Rather than placing an absolute cap on emissions, targets have instead been set
in terms of an amount of greenhouse gas per unit of GDP. The current five-year
plan requires the country to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 17 percent per
unit of GDP.

Source: New Scientist magazine

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Bell Ringer: Augusta State University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

SGA faces unknown future

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 524 words


In the midst of the consolidation between Georgia Health Sciences University and
Augusta State University much is unclear in terms of student government.

Although the merger will not affect the Student Government Association until the
spring of 2013, there are still a lot of options and outcomes to consider before
that takes place, said John Goldberg, senator-at-large and sophomore biology
major.

"I think a big problem (in the end) will be getting everyone on the same page
and deciding from there what our goals, both for the university and the student
government, will be," Goldberg said.
In the past few years, Augusta State's SGA has evolved from a six member party
into a full house, according to Ethan Holliman, SGA vice president and junior
political science major.

"Our student government is just now starting to strengthen as a government,"
Holliman said.  "We are building momentum and I hope that we can maintain that
momentum."

Holliman said there has been discussion among the administration, about
combining both colleges' student governments into one functioning government.

"If we decide to merge, then that's going to change everything," Holliman said.
"It will be a new constitution, a new set of rules and a new process."

Although there have been no decisions made and little discussion, Holliman is
pushing for two separate governments.

"I'm advocating that we separate and focus on our own organizations," Holliman
said.  "They have a pretty good set up and we do too, so instead of trying to
create a new one, let's just focus on what we've got and go from that point."

Due to the differences in undergraduate and graduate student priorities, two
student body governments would be more efficient, Holliman said.

"If I can manage to convince enough students to join me in convincing the
administration to do it this way, then I'm sure we can get it done," Holliman
said.  "It's important that we have strong leadership in the student government
and demonstrate we are alive."

Eddie Howard, Jr., director of Student Activities, said the students involvement
in the committees will be the biggest way any students in the SGA or other
organizations will be able to contribute, the future of the various student
activities.

At the SGA meeting, Howard explained  the administration is offering certain
students the opportunity to take part in the decision-making processes
throughout the universities.  It is unknown whether student input will be
considered, but according to Howard there are faculty, staff and administration
that are reaching out to try and hear the student's voice.

Howard told the student government to be careful with what they said about the
consolidation and about what the outcome of the SGA will be because of the
delicacy of the situation and the unknown factors.
No matter the outcome of the future of the student government, they will
maintain their duties as normal, Goldberg said.

"In order for us to move forward, we have to take care of what's going on now,"
Goldberg said. "We will function normally as a student government through the
consolidation, it's not like we are just going to go and disappear."

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                       University Press: Lamar University

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

Chasing Chaucer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1089 words


Chelsea Barnard is an anachronism."I grew up believing I was born in the wrong
era," she said. Barnard is one of two recipients of the 2012 Beck Fellowship.
This June, the Port Neches junior will take a step back in time when she embarks
upon a pilgrimage from Farnham, England, to Canterbury - the same pilgrimage
that was Geoffrey Chaucer's inspiration for his most celebrated work, "The
Canterbury Tales."Barnard spoke of her desire to revisit the olden days in her
proposal for the award. "My friends were fascinated by the newest video games,
but I was fascinated by Robinson Crusoe, Elizabeth Bennet and Anne Shirley," she
said. "Learning about the authors who created these characters made me yearn to
travel back in time to Victorian England or medieval England."

The journey is a popular attraction for literary buffs. During her trip, Barnard
will conduct a series of interviews with her fellow walkers, which she will
compile into a collective film documentary and a bound handmade book - along
with some of her own personal writings - to demonstrate how themes addressed in
"The Canterbury Tales," written at the end of the 14th century, are still
relevant today. She will be staying at various bed-and-breakfasts along the
path. For someone who once found the Fellowship application too daunting, this
is quite an accomplishment."When I first joined the honors program in fall '09,
my first semester at Lamar, (program director Kevin) Dodson told me that I
should consider applying, because not many people in the humanities had really
considered it, and he thought I had the potential to really do well and bring
something new to it," Barnard said. "I saw the brochure, and then I saw the
application - all 17-odd pages of it. I laughed and thought, 'No, that's going
to be for some other kid to do.'" Once she had a couple of years of college
under her belt, Barnard's mindset began to change. "The longer I stayed at
Lamar, the more I felt prepared for something like this," Barnard said. "I
really wanted to apply for it when I heard about Elisabeth (Maxwell) receiving
it last year. I thought, 'You know, I can really bring something new to it.'"
Maxwell also received a fellowship this year, her second award. Even after
submitting her application, Barnard knew she was up against some stiff
competition. When it comes to modern research, the humanities often take a
backseat to science and mathematics. "You see these people who get these great
things and they go off, but for English, it really doesn't happen," Barnard
said. "I guess to an extent it's understandable, but at the same time I feel
like we're overlooked a lot."It's hard when you're going against people who are
trying to do something in the medical field. That was one of the most difficult
parts of applying. What do I suggest? What hasn't been done in that field?
Because after a while, it feels like all the plots have been done. What left is
there to create? What is reading a book going to do to benefit society?" Plenty,
Barnard thinks. And that is precisely what she aims to prove with her project -
that reading should be just as essential to everyone's life as it has always
been to hers. "My mother was an English teacher at Port Neches Middle School for
over 20 years, so growing up, reading was a very, very important thing in my
life," Barnard said. "Literature itself speaks of the human condition. It talks
about our fears, our weaknesses, our insecurities, our strengths, our trials and
overcoming the trials. In everything, there's something you can relate to. And I
think that's the value of literature right there."Creating is not the focus of
her pilgrimage, Barnard said. Instead, her goal is reinvention - hence her
decision to explore "The Canterbury Tales," a novel for which she has long
nursed a soft spot. "When I first came to Lamar, one of my first classes I took
was honors literature with Dr. (Dale) Priest, and that was the first book we
read," Barnard said. "It wasn't necessarily a nice, pretty little novel. It was
messy. It talked about the varying opinions of the characters on marriage, it
talked about their views on sexuality - it had innuendos. But it's something
that you can still relate to even though it wasn't written this century. Ever
since then, I kind of had a thing for it." Barnard said she is most excited to
become acquainted with her fellow walkers. "The main thing is the journey, to
see the landscape and what countryside there is," Barnard said. "Yes, I know
it's not all necessarily rural like it used to be, but interacting with those
people - I guess, in a sense, my project is mainly about human relationships.
Not only talking to them about literature, but maybe what's their background,
and how did they get to where they are now? And what makes them tick? What do
they like, what do they not like? What are their values? Basically anything and
everything under the sun." Barnard said that this project combines everything
she loves - the people around her, the history that molds them and the
literature that molds their history. "People are surprised that I'm in a
sorority (Alpha Delta Pi), and yet I'm an English major. It seems
contradictory," Barnard said. "But to me, it doesn't, because it's all the
things I love. I love people. I love tradition and history." These passions are
responsible for Barnard's dream of becoming an English professor, something she
hopes this project will prepare her for. "I hope that I'll become what Dr.
(Steven) Zani has been to me - Dr. Priest, Dr. (Xenia) Fedorchenko, all the
professors I've had, really," Barnard said. "I've always been a passionate
reader, but it's one thing when you go into a classroom and the teacher just
reads from a slide show and doesn't seem to care about what they're teaching.
But when they're passionate about it - when they can relate it to today - it
makes you want to study it more. And I want that - not only for my students, but
for the people around me." Although Barnard is studying Chaucer's work for her
project, the novel that perhaps best defines her was written by Jane Austen.
"'Pride and Prejudice' was probably one of the earliest I can recall reading,"
Barnard said. "Books like that really played a part, because it was so different
from today's society. Just realizing how society was then - they had their views
and beliefs, but yet, even while they had restrictions, they still had people
who did what they wanted to do and went against that." Funnily enough, the same
can be said of Barnard.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                       University Press: Lamar University

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

Page or screen, books matter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1111 words


In an era where the latest technology can become yesterday's news in a matter of
moments, it's all too easy to dismiss the written word as archaic. Literature in
particular seems to suffer the most from this notion. After all, why spend
$10.25 on a hard copy of "Pride and Prejudice" when you can download a lighter,
more mobile version on your new eReader for 99 cents?And furthermore, why read
"Pride and Prejudice" anyway? Hasn't Jane Austen been dead for nearly 200 years?

What could she possibly have had to say in 1813 that would still be pertinent in
2012? A lot, as it turns out. Literature is more than the long-winded musings of
long-dead souls. It has seeped into our culture and helped to mold it, in ways
that none of us could even begin to imagine. Ladies (or unfortunate men) - have
you ever seen the movie "Clueless?" It's nothing more than Austen's "Emma,"
revamped for the '90s. "A well-told story is a well-told story," Nicki
Michalski, Lamar assistant professor of communication, said. "It transcends
time. Once you have that story, you can morph it into a lot of different formats
and it can be popular across a variety of them." Steven Zani, department chair
of English and modern languages, adds that the mistake would be to think of
literature as a process where one takes a physical book and sits down in an
armchair and reads it, as opposed to the way that we are saturated with language
and text at every moment of our lives. "Literature really is all of that," he
said. "It is infused in our culture in a completely interesting and useful way,
and it's something that you could never detach from what people are and what
they do. It's a part of everything that's in their lives - their phones, their
entertainment." Literature transmits us to places we may never see for ourselves
- and not only in geographical terms. "I grew up in Michigan in the 1980s, but I
can experience what it was like to be a young woman during the time of the Civil
War through the works of Louisa May Alcott," Michalski said. "It gives us the
opportunity to go places and do things that we may not actually be able to do in
real life. Literature lets us go there in our minds." Some may argue that this
isn't always a positive thing. Reading Elie Wiesel's "Night" or "All Quiet on
the Western Front" by Erich Maria Remarque is hardly pleasant. But these novels
- indeed, literature as a whole - serve as a jarring reminder that we all
suffer. They drive the characters' suffering home and make it our own. If we
allow ourselves to forget the tribulations of our ancestors, we become
desensitized. We forget those underlying things that make us all human. "You can
ask this question of, 'Why would anyone ever want to read a tragedy, because
it's this negative thing?'" Zani said. "Aristotle brings up the term catharsis,
that it allows one to purge one's own negative emotions and traumas. One of the
arguments about the usefulness of literature is that it helps prepare people for
traumas. It gives them a way to deal with negative things that will happen."
Lessons such as these aren't exclusive to classics. Even contemporary novels,
such as the works of Jodi Piccoult, address this issue, Michalski said. "She
takes difficult concepts like children who have terminal illnesses, and it's not
necessarily something we like to think about - I mean, who wants to think about
that? - but she gives us insight into the people who have to deal with this,"
she said. "I think that helps us to become more empathetic toward other people
and the things they might be dealing with." Another reason the value of
literature remains in place is that we live in a community that's becoming more
global by the day. With the most up-to-date news constantly at our fingertips,
thanks to social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter, our generation
has the capacity to become better informed on world events than any generation
before us. For that to happen, an understanding of different cultures is
essential. And the first step to understanding these cultures is to realize that
they aren't so different at all. "When you are looking at a culture, you see the
monolithic," Michalski said. "It's all these people out there, and they're
different. But when you read a book - say you read Amy Tan - "The Joy Luck Club"
or "The Bone Collector's Daughter" or something like that - you get to feel that
even though these women are in terrible, terrible, terrible situations, they
still care about their children, they still want to have a better life for their
kids, they still want to be able to be happy. And seeing that there are those
similarities, those same basic human impulses, really helps us to come
together." At first glance, the relationship between technology and literature
seems to be a "Catch-22" (another excellent read, by the way) - the technology
that makes it possible for people to educate themselves about other cultures
diminishes the value of the literature that people also need to educate
themselves about those cultures. However, it appears that technology and
literature have developed a symbiotic relationship. "Literature's changing, but
I would say it's becoming all the more populist and democratic," Zani said.
"It's distributing to more people. The notion of what literature is - it's
creativity, it's thinking - it and science are not disconnected from one
another. They couldn't be. They are the same, in some sort of fundamental way."
In layman's terms, without literature, that Kindle that you're reading this on
wouldn't exist. Literature speaks of the human condition. But it goes a step
beyond that. Literature "is" the human condition. It's what separates us from
the animals. It demonstrates our ability to think, feel, and create. It may not
be concrete or pragmatic, but without it, there would be no concrete or
pragmatic. "Historians have said that the definition of what civilization is, is
a culture that has this capacity for producing something that's not just of
practical utility," Zani said. "People wouldn't be people without literature.
It's still incredibly relevant. It's just relevant in different formats and
different mediums." Michalski agrees. "I think that, really, it's the set
dressing that changes," she said. "Every culture has 'Romeo and Juliet'-type
stories. These same stories exist across time and across culture because they
are stories that resonate with us. In the future, Romeo and Juliet may be
wearing bright gold spandex and silver lamé, but they'll still be kept apart by
their families, because that's what speaks to us." Literature, like the humanity
it represents, has learned to adapt.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Kentucky Kernel: University of Kentucky

                             January 6, 2012 Friday

Cats keen on increasing intensity

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 462 words


Let Darius Miller try to explain why UK hasn't pieced together consistent effort
on a full-game, game-to-game basis.

"I honestly don't know," Miller said. "It's something we have to get figured out
before it's too late."

It's not too late now, by any means. The only part of the schedule that's passed
is the non-conference portion.

But it is January. It is conference play.

Still, head coach John Calipari knows it will still take some (more) time for
the team to realize their potential. He said he wished it could have happened by
December, but for most teams it happens around mid-February.

"What brings anxiety and what wears you out, is my timetable is different than
theirs," Calipari said. "And what happens is, we're going by their timetable."

Calipari stressed that his team's record doesn't matter as much as improving
every game, and the quickest way to improving is playing with more intensity,
more often.

Its opponents will. Whether the Cats will be able to raise their level of play
by choice - finding it within themselves - or by force - like last year's team
did from repeated losses - is yet to be seen.

The Cats vow it will happen, one way or another.

"We're going to have to play hard for every game from now on," Miller said.
"There can't be any games where we lack in intensity, lack in effort."

Said Terrence Jones, "You really got to come to play and prove you're the best
team every night."

Miller and Jones understand why it works that way. They've played in the league
before. To attempt catching the freshmen up to speed, Calipari showed the team a
tape of last year's SEC games, hoping to demonstrate the increased physicality.

If nothing else, the rookies are aware.

"They understand, this is the hard part right now," Calipari said.

Photo by Scott Hannigan | Staff

Anthony Davis on Tuesday sounded like he was already prepared. He's averaging
12.7 points and 10.6 rebounds per game and has been complimented for his
improved toughness, but knows the competition is about to increase.

"I'm not really familiar with SEC play, but it's physical," Davis said.
"Especially at my position. They're bigger, stronger."

He's supposed to be better, as are the rest of the Cats, the heavy favorite to
win the league. Will it happen? It will largely depend on how UK handles the
road - two seasons ago, UK went 14-2. One season ago, UK went 10-6. All eight
losses were on the road.

So far, UK is 0-1 on the road, with the loss coming at Indiana.

But the road games aren't yet on the schedule. And even if they were, Calipari
is focusing on just one thing: improving.

"Because if this team gets better," Calipari said, "we'll be where we want to be
when this ends up."

Follow @KernelASmith
or email him at asmith@kykernel.com

See the 2011-12 men's basketball schedule and scores.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The McGill Tribune: McGill University

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

The McGill Tribune Four McGill discoveries among Quebec Science magazine's top
10 of 2011

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 520 words


Four discoveries by McGill University researchers placed in the top 10
discoveries by Quebec researchers in 2011, ranked by Quebec Science Magazine in
its February 2012 issue.

The discoveries span a range of research fields from earth sciences to medicine.
Assistant professor Laura Stone and her team from the faculty of dentistry
conducted research at the Alan Edwards Centre for Research on Pain. Their
research focused on the relationship between patients with chronic back pain and
the corresponding regions in the brain which are subject to premature aging as a
result of the pain.

"Up until [now] people thought that maybe the cells were all dying," Stone
explained. However, her research revealed that after undergoing surgery for back
pain, a subset of patients had dramatic improvements, and consequently the
changes in the brain were reversed. Moreover, the degree to which the aging was
reversed often corresponded to the decrease in pain achieved by the surgery.

From the Faculty of Medicine, Director and Chief Scientific Officer of the
Research Institute, Vassilios Papadopoulos and his team developed a blood test
which could potentially diagnose Alzheimer's disease in the near future. This
blood test would allow for earlier detection and treatment of the disease.

Orthopedic surgeons Paul Martineau and Edward Harvey from the faculty of
medicine and the McGill University Health Centre collaborated with
Louis-Philippe Lefebvre of the National Research Council of Canada to patent a
new screw to treat broken bones. This screw, made from titanium foam, would
replace the current stainless steel screws used for bone injury, thus allowing
patients to heal faster.

Finally, from the department of Earth and planetary sciences and the faculty of
science, Alfonso Mucci and his collaborators performed an in-depth evaluation of
the St. Lawrence Estuary and Gulf. They evaluated the acidification levels of
the bottom waters beginning from the 1930s up to today. In doing so, they
established the vulnerability of the St. Lawrence waters and the impact on the
local marine environment.

Stone spoke on the importance of awards like this, which bring current
scientific discoveries to the attention of Quebecers.

"I think it's a great honour to have been selected," Stone said. "I think it's
great that the magazine does this because it raises awareness. There's really
good science happening in Quebec and the fact that they do this just really
makes people aware of that and builds public support for research."

As the public ultimately funds this scientific research, Stone feels that public
support and awareness is crucial. "It's important ... that there's ways to
communicate back to the public some of the progress that's being made."

She added that, for McGill, these results demonstrate their strong research
program across many different fields.

Other schools with discoveries listed in the top 10 include École Polytechnique,
Université de Montreal, Université du Quebec in Abiti-Témiscamingue, and Laval
University. Readers can vote on Quebec Science's website for the year's number
one discovery.

-Kyla Mandel

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

Ethical Problems Communicating Through Text Messaging

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 478 words


Students at BYU may be all smiles in person, but that's not always the case when
using text messaging.

The Sauder School of Business from the University of British Columbia performed
a study using fake stock exchanges and found those people who communicated
through text messaging were more likely to report deception.

Some people won't hesitate to text others any comment they have, but when
speaking face to face they are more polite in their conversation.

Boyce said he felt people were meaner over text messages.

"It's easier to lie because you have time to form what you are going to say,"
Boyce said. "It's easier to be brutally honest too because you can't see their
reaction."

Brooke Pitcher, a home and family living major from Westminster, Colo., said it
is easier to be brutally honest over text messaging because once it is sent, it
can be forgotten.

"I told my friend I didn't want to be friends with him anymore because he was
being self centered and didn't care about our friendship," Pitcher said.

Paul Booren, a senior double majoring in political science and economics, said
it was easier to use white lies or make up excuses over text.

"If someone asks me to do something and I don't want to go, it's a lot easier to
say 'I have plans' or 'I'm busy' over text," Booren said. "If someone asked me
in person it's different. You're on the spot and you don't have time to think of
responses."

According to a study from the Sauder School of Business at the University of
British Columbia, text messaging is seen as more deceitful than other forms of
communication.

In the study, students were asked to perform fake stock transactions for a cash
reward.

"The brokers were given inside knowledge that the stock was rigged to lose half
of its value," according to a news release found on the business school's
website. "Buyers were only informed of this fact after the mock sales
transaction and were asked to report whether the brokers had employed deceit to
sell their stock."

The study used four different kinds of communication - face to face, video,
audio and text messaging. Buyers who communicated through text messages were 95
percent more likely to report deception than other forms of communication.

Professor Ronald Cenfetelli at UBC was a co-author of the paper and related the
study to all modern forms of communication.

"People are communicating using a growing range of methods, from Twitter to
Skype," Cenfetelli said. "As new platforms of communication come online, it's
important to know the risks that may be involved."

The study performed by the Sauder School of Business demonstrates that although
texting is a form of communication, it may not be ideal for all situations. The
consequences for lying or being honest is unapparent to most people using text
messaging. For conversations of importance, face-to-face communication is still
the best way to go.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                            January 27, 2012 Friday

BYU Alums Look for Repeat Victory

BYLINE: John Ternieden

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 396 words


The Giants and Patriots face-off isn't the only rematch at this year's Super
Bowl.

Tyler Dixon and Josh Aker, BYU alumni, are hoping to make a repeat appearance at
the big game this year, but don't expect to see them on the field.

Every Super Bowl season since 2007, Doritos runs a contest inviting participants
to create their own Doritos commercial and submit it. The prize? Not only do
winners have their commercial achieve 30 seconds of Super Bowl fame, but
participants also have the chance of winning $1 million, if the USA Today Ad
Meter rates the ad number one.

Last year Dixon and Aker teamed up and created the finger-licking commercial
called "The Best Part," that produced laughs and earned them air time on the
biggest night of advertising. This year they return with a trip to the dog park,
in hopes their tricks will earn them the top spot and loads of cash.

But the competition hasn't been easy, and the road to victory is long. According
to Emily Smith, a freshman from Rancho Cucamonga, Calif., and pre-communications
major who has been working on the project, there were a record number of
submissions this year in the "Doritos Crash the Super Bowl" contest.

As of now, "Dog Park" is one of five finalists gunning for the big prize.

Looking for help, the pair turned to the BYU AdLab to promote the commercial and
help them reach the big game. Again.

"The fact they asked us for our help in promoting the commercial demonstrates
the success of the ad program here at BYU," said David Budge, a junior from
Tokyo, Japan, studying advertising. "To be able to be involved in the Super Bowl
is a big deal. You could work in a professional ad agency for 30 years and not
[be] involved in something like this."

Budge worked hard with his team to promote the video and get students informed
on the online voting process.

According to Budge, online voting will determine which commercial will make it
on the air, as well as a runner-up chosen by Doritos. People have the
opportunity to vote online in four different places each day.

In an effort to make the process easier and earn more votes, the "Dog Park" team
created a website called doritosdogpark.com, which contains the video,
information and links to all four of the voting sites.

According to the Doritos contest page, voting for the commercial ends Jan. 29
and the top two videos will be revealed during the Super Bowl.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

BYU grad student wins national music award

BYLINE: Charles Beacham

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 716 words


She plays the guitar, cello, bagpipes, viola, marimba and myriad other
instruments, but Christie Sowby's heart has always belonged to "the
black-and-whites." Now it seems that loyalty is paying off.

Sowby, a master's student of piano performance, recently won the Studio Teacher
Fellowship Award from the Music Teacher's National Association.

"I have never loved anything more, I think, than piano ... Um, besides my
husband!" Sowby said.

Grad student Christie Sowby recently won the Student Teacher Fellowship Award
for her work with Piano Students.

At 25, she's already quite the accomplished educator. In 2010 she was nationally
certified with the Music Teacher's National Association as s music teacher. In
that same year she was named the Utah Music Teacher Association's Student
Teacher of the Year. She currently teaches 17 students in her home-based studio
and this summer she bought her own grand piano. Sowby's love for piano teaching
is apparent in everything she does - it's no wonder MTNA chose her to be the
recipient of their Studio Teacher Fellowship Award.

According to the MTNA website, the award is presented once annually to "the
candidate who most clearly demonstrates a strong commitment to the music
teaching profession." To show their merits, candidates provide the MTNA with
letters of recommendation, transcripts and portfolios, video recordings of their
teaching process and also evidence of innovations in teaching methods. The most
qualified candidate receives a $3,000 grant to help them improve their studio.

Sowby is passionate about teaching and goes above and beyond to ensure her
students receive the best education possible. She said that, much like athletes
do with game footage, she records her lessons and watches them later to improve
her teaching skills.

Beyond helping her students perform well in private, Sowby goes the extra mile
to help students succeed in recitals and other performances. In the course of
her life, Sowby has recognized that sometimes fear and other variables cause
students to choke during performances. To solve this problem, Sowby spends time
working with sports psychologist and BYU graduate Craig Manning, discussing the
psychology of musical performance. Sowby said she strives to take these
discussions and translate that knowledge to the world of music.

Sowby's students and their parents recognize the quality her hard work brings to
her teaching.

American Fork resident Chantel Gunther has  Sowby teach her children, and said
her children enjoy their time with the young teacher. She said the experience is
always positive and uplifting. Sowby has taught four of the seven Gunther
children and said they are all different. Some are natural musicians and others
haven't quite got the attention span to sit for an hour, but Sowby makes sure
each student's needs are met.

"The thing I like about her most is she teaches each kid to their skill and
interest level," Gunther said.

Gunther said her children learn a lot more than just how to play the piano, they
learn to be confident and to appreciate the beauty of the music. For the
Gunthers, Sowby is more than piano teacher - she's practically family.

"There are certain people that build your family and she's one of those,"
Gunther said.

This dedication is as much a part of her learning process as it is her teaching
process. Richard Anderson, associate professor of music and Christie's
undergraduate piano instructor, said Christie was a dedicated student. During
her time as an undergrad, he said, Sowby was head of BYU's MTNA student chapter
and worked diligently to bring recognition to the university.

"Christie was a great student," Anderson said. "She was dedicated; she was
hard-working. In all of her lessons and classes she went the extra mile."

Sowby recognizes that her teachers were instrumental in her accomplishment. In
her humble way she attributes her knowledge and current success, in large part,
to her BYU professors.

"I really think they're the ones that helped me win this, because they've taught
me everything I know about piano, pedagogy - piano teaching," Sowby said. "I
didn't know a lot about how to teach before I came to college so I feel like I'm
learning from really well-seasoned teachers. They've been able to really guide
me a lot through the process."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                      The Setonian: Seton Hall University

                            January 3, 2012 Tuesday

Pirates cruise to victory over No. 8 Huskies

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 811 words


Pirates cruise to victory over No. 8 Huskies

Posted By Staff Writer on Jan 3, 2012

The Seton Hall men's basketball team led the No. 8 Connecticut Huskies at
halftime and never looked back, defeating the Huskies 75-63 to earn their second
Big East victory of the season.

The win marks the first time in the last 11 tries that Seton Hall has defeated
Connecticut.

Connecticut (12-2, 2-1) jumped out to an early 11-2 lead within the first five
minutes of the game, however Seton Hall (13-2, 2-1) went on a commanding 33-11
run to finish the first half with a 13 point lead.

The Pirates were led by senior guard Jordan Theodore who finished with 19
points, 11 assists, and three steals. Theodore had no points in the first half,
but did dish out eight of his 11 assists and had no turnovers. In the second
half, he hit four shots, including three from beyond the arc.

According to Theodore, the win is a reminder that things are getting better at
the South Orange, N.J. campus.

"It just felt so great that the crowd came out and embraced me and my
teammates," Theodore said. "I've been through the tough times here. The rough
times are over though, man. I'm just glad that we are able to give these fans
something to cheer about."

Senior forward Herb Pope had 15 points, eight rebounds, and three blocks. Pope's
performance comes just a day after Connecticut freshman Andre Drummond told a
reporter he had never heard of Herb Pope, however Pope said that the comments
meant nothing to him.

"Coach repeated to us, "we don't let anyone talk about our guys, we stick
together" right before the game," Pope said. "But we chatted during the game and
I told [Drummond] he has to watch what he says sometimes because he's a young
guy and he's got to learn how to handle the media."

Sophomore forward Fuquan Edwin played a role in the victory as well, recording
the first double-double of his career, netting 12 points and grabbing 11 boards.

The Pirates were also much more consistent at the free throw line against the
Huskies, finishing 11-of-12 from the stripe, eight of which belonged to
Theodore.

On a night where sophomore Patrik Auda struggled to score, finishing with just
four points, freshman forward Brandon Mobley was a major spark off the bench for
the Pirates.

Mobley scored eight points and grabbed seven rebounds in 20 minutes of action,
also using his long reach to block a 3-point attempt from Connecticut sophomore
Jeremy Lamb midway through the second half.

"I had a talk with [Herb Pope] before the game and he told me not to worry about
messing up because I'm still adjusting to the game," Mobley said. "Being able to
say I contributed to this win though, and not just sit on the bench watching it,
that just feels amazing."

Mobley also noted how proud he was of the team's 2-3 zone in the victory,
especially the way the Pirates were able to use strength and athleticism to make
up for the size difference in the low post.

"Coach always says not to let our defense dictate our offense," Mobley said. "We
do the simple stuff like getting a stop and a rebound, then getting out and
going. We did a great job on that end."

Connecticut, a team that averages 13.8 turnovers a game coming into the night,
turned the ball over 14 times, 13 of which came in the first half.

For the Huskies, Jeremy Lamb led the way with 19 points, going 4-of-10 from deep
and 7-of-14 from the field overall.

Andre Drummond, coming into the night one of the top shot blockers in the
nation, finished with four blocks to go along with his four points and five
rebounds.

The major story of the night was Seton Hall's ability to shoot the deep ball, as
they shot 10-of-20 from beyond the arc. Midway through the second half, the Hall
hit five 3-pointers in a row: two from Theodore, two from freshman Aaron Cosby,
and one from freshman Freddie Wilson.

Cosby went 4-of-7 from beyond the arc, finishing with 12 points and three
assists.

According to head coach Kevin Willard, the Pirates found a good luck charm in
professional football player and New Jersey native Victor Cruz of the New York
Giants, who was in attendance and visited the team in the locker room after the
game.

"We had Victor Cruz in the locker room," Willard joked. "Everyone said I should
be happy about this [victory], but I just met Victor Cruz. I asked if he wanted
to do the press conference because you guys would be much happier talking to him
than me."

Willard noted how impressed he was with the team's defense, but specifically
named Fuquan Edwin as a bright spot for the squad. Coming into the night, Edwin
led the nation in steals and finished his night against Connecticut with two.

Seton Hall held an advantage in the paint, outscoring Connecticut 28-20, and
held the Huskies to just two fast break points all night.

The Pirates next test comes on the road against the Providence Friars on
Saturday night. Tip-off is set for 7 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                Badger Herald: University of Wisconsin - Madison

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday

While you were away

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1346 words


Big Ten Men's Basketball

The conference became incredibly hard to decipher

Hopefully, you got some nice rest over winter break. For college basketball
fans, a fresh mind's certainly needed to decipher the Big Ten.

While you were out - with all stats as of Jan. 21 - Wisconsin beat conference
newcomer Nebraska but proceeded to lose three straight - including the first two
at home. A terrible showing on the road at Michigan followed in the form of a
59-41 loss, but then the Badgers rebounded by traveling to Purdue and shooting
the lights out in a 67-62 victory.

Famous for their consistency in reaching 10 consecutive NCAA tournaments under
Bo Ryan, the Badgers topsy-turvy season to date might as well serve as the
template for the rest of the conference.

Illinois, with a 15-3 overall record and 4-1 mark in Big Ten play, has sat near
the top of the conference for most of the season, but even the Illini have laid
some eggs in the form of a 64-48 mid-December loss to Nevada-Las Vegas (now
highly ranked, but still) and a 75-60 loss at Purdue on New Year's Eve.

Michigan, seemingly back to prominence, brought a 14-3 record (4-1 Big Ten) into
Iowa City Jan. 14 - and the Hawkeyes responded with a 75-59 demolition of the
Wolverines. Indeed, Iowa has been one of the conference's biggest surprises,
picking up wins at Wisconsin and Minnesota in addition to the Michigan game, but
sits at just 11-9 (3-4 Big Ten).

Ohio State, of course, is still a top-10 team, though the Buckeyes already have
been upset on more than one occasion this season. Michigan State rebounded from
its arduous first two games, losses to North Carolina and Duke, winning 15
straight games before dropping two in a row to Northwestern and Michigan.

Indiana became one of the nation's darlings after its rousing 73-72 victory over
undefeated No. 1 Kentucky Dec. 10 in Assembly Hall but sits just 3-3 in Big Ten
play.

Individually, familiar names in OSU's Jared Sullinger and PU's Robbie Hummel
reside in the top five for scoring - albeit at Nos. 4 and 5. Two Northwestern
Wildcats, John Shurna (first with 19.1 points per game) and Drew Crawford (third
with 17.6) bookend Penn State's Tim Frazier (18.2).

So what's the deal - is the Big Ten ocean-deep in talent, or just highly
mediocre? Cases could be made for both, but hey - it's only January.

-Mike Fiammetta

Big Ten hears Hawkeyes' roar

While many considered the Big Ten to be one of, or even the best, conference in
college basketball entering this season, little, if anything, was expected of
lowly Iowa, who has not had a winning year since the 2006-07 season. But after
making some noise with upsets against then-No. 11 Wisconsin (in the Kohl Center,
no less) and then-No. 13 Michigan, Iowa has made it clear that it refuses to be
a pushover anymore.

Head coach Fran McCaffery reiterated that concept on Jan. 10, a night where
things weren't going so well for Iowa against then-No. 7 Michigan State.

Down 69-41 with 10:55 remaining in the game, the Hawkeyes gathered around
McCaffery on the floor during a timeout, where the second-year coach, during an
already animated pep-talk, proceeded to pick up and slam a chair onto the court
in front of his players.

Big Ten commissioner Jim Delany was later quoted by USA Today expressing his
preference that the episode never be repeated. But in a press conference two
days after the incident, McCaffery made it quite clear he has no apologies to
offer and no plans to tone down his actions on the sidelines.

"No, not at all," McCaffery said when asked if he has any regrets. "If anybody
thinks I'm going to sit there with my hands crossed when we're down by 40, they
got the wrong guy, OK. I was brought in here to change the culture. I'm going to
coach with passion, and my players know that."

As of Jan. 21, McCaffery has the Hawkeyes sitting in eighth place in the Big Ten
and has already almost met the team's win totals from a year ago - McCaffery's
first year on the job. The Hawkeyes finished with an 11-20 overall mark in
2010-11 and a 4-14 record in conference play. With 11 games remaining on the
schedule, Iowa already has posted an 11-9 record and a 3-4 streak in conference
play.

One of the conference's most pleasant surprises, the Hawkeyes are doing damage
with a solid rebounding game and a steady offense headed by guard Matt Gatens
and forwards Melsahn Basabe and Zach McCabe.

Though they don't seem prepared to fight for the throne of the conference, Iowa
appears to at least be a thorn in the side of the Big Ten's very best.

"I have no regrets, I have no apologies, none whatsoever. I'm going to continue
to coach the same way, and we're going to keep working, improving, and battling,
and fighting until we're up by 40," McCaffery said.

-Elliot Hughes

WCHA men's hockey

Upsets abound; North Dakota, Minnesota end in fisticuffs

Nothing is ever surprising in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association.

The WCHA has historically been a gritty, tough conference where anyone can beat
anyone. And over break, it saw a fair amount of upsets.

So as Colorado College took a loss from St. Cloud State, Nebraska-Omaha bested
Minnesota-Duluth and Wisconsin was blanked by Minnesota State, no upset was more
defining than North Dakota's 2-1 rout of Minnesota.

North Dakota suffered a road sweep at Minnesota earlier in the year and was more
than looking forward to the chance to get another shot at the conference leader.
Certainly, after a Friday night win, UND's confidence could not have been
higher. But oh, how hard the mighty fall.

The following night, Minnesota smacked North Dakota 6-2, and UND wasn't too
happy about it.

While they're no longer known as the Fighting Sioux, senior defenseman Ben Blood
personified the nickname to an extreme, throwing a punch at 5-foot-8, 173-pound
freshman forward Kyle Rau of Minnesota.

Blood, standing at 6-foot-4, 226 pounds, is UND's biggest skater. Rau, on the
other hand, is Minnesota's smallest. Sure, it wasn't a classic David versus
Goliath, but Blood's move tainted his image, making him out to be one of the
dirtiest players on the ice, and caused the assistant captain to lose his title.

With the Big Ten adding hockey to its lineup, the series was the last time
Minnesota and North Dakota would meet as conference foes at UND. And what a note
the rivalry went out on.

-Kelly Erickson

Zengerle comes up just of shy of school record

As Western Collegiate Hockey Association play continued over the University of
Wisconsin's winter break, the Badgers compiled a 5-1, 3-1 WCHA record, an
impressive run that allowed Wisconsin to finally climb over the .500 mark for
the first time after showing signs of youth all season. One of the best
stretches of the Badgers' season not only improved their record but included a
career milestone for one Badger and marked the end of an impressive and
near-school record for another.

In game one, at Minnesota State on Jan. 13, Wisconsin not only collected its
first road win of the season, but freshman goaltender Joel Rumpel stonewalled
the Mavericks' offense for his first career shutout in the 4-0 win. It was
Wisconsin's first team shutout since Jan. 7 last season.

"[Rumpel was] very good. He only let two goals in all weekend, ... he did a fine
job for us, gave us a chance both nights," head coach Mike Eaves said.

The following night in game two, the Badgers had the tables turned on them,
being shut out for the first time this season. With zero on the scoreboard, Mark
Zengerle had his 20-game point streak snapped, leaving him one game shy of tying
the school record set by Eaves in 1977-78.

"It's quite an accomplishment," Eaves said. "I don't think people realize, to be
that consistent, what goes into it. And Mark has always been a player that has
found his way in the score sheet, and probably on Saturday, just like the rest
of the team, had as good of scoring chances that he set up, or he had himself,
as any other night that he's had in the streak. The puck just would not find its
way into the back of the net. But it speaks to the consistency of his play and
effort over the course of those 20 games."

-Brett Sommers

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                Badger Herald: University of Wisconsin - Madison

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday

Winning streak revives men's hoops

BYLINE: Mike FiammettaThe Badger Herald

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 695 words


In the midst of a five-game winning streak, Wisconsin guard Josh Gasser has
given the Badgers excellent all-around play. He had eight points, two rebounds
and an assist against Indiana.[/media-credit]

Halfway through the Big Ten season, the Wisconsin men's basketball team has
found its groove.

After losing three of their first four conference games, including three
straight at one point, the Badgers have now won their last five in a stretch of
contests that wasn't consistently pretty, but rewarding nonetheless.

Thursday night against Indiana, Wisconsin shot barely less than 40 percent
(39.6) from the field and connected on just four of 17 three-point attempts. A
3-for-7 mark from the free throw line in the first half was perhaps the clearest
sign the Badgers were not about to have a sparkling night shooting the
basketball.

Ten second-half points from Ben Brust and stingier team defense sufficed to
carry Wisconsin to a 57-50 victory, and afterward, head coach Bo Ryan praised
his team's "grit" and "fight" in pulling out the win. Whether it was those
factors at play or simply better luck putting the ball in the hoop, the effort
was emblematic of the confidence the Badgers have fostered in their five-game
streak.

"Especially when we get a couple of close wins and grit out a couple wins, it
makes everything feel a little bit better," forward/center Jared Berggren said.
"Guys have their confidence back; maybe we lost it a bit during our rough
stretch there."

The first game of that skid was a home loss to Iowa on New Year's Eve, and three
days later, Wisconsin lost again in the Kohl Center to Michigan State. For a
team that was a perfect 16-0 on its own court last season and also fell to
Marquette in Madison back in early December, the Badgers appeared to be thrown
off-kilter by their three home losses less than a week into the new year.

Several pitiful shooting efforts - the three-game skid saw the Badgers shoot
below 40 percent in each game, and Wisconsin also hit just 31 percent against
Nebraska - ensued and the Badgers' woes stuck around until a tough 67-62 road
win at Purdue Jan. 12.

"We've been playing better overall, we've been winning," assistant coach Lamont
Paris said. "A lot of times, we're just really structured. You feel like, hey,
we've got some good shots, we just haven't made them. We're right there where we
need to be, and we're going to win it one way or the other - whether that means
a defensive stop, or somebody's going to make a shot, whatever it takes."

This week, with a trip to Penn State looming Tuesday night and then a battle
with No. 3 Ohio State slated for Saturday afternoon, the longevity of that
confidence will surely be tested. Wisconsin also has five road games remaining
in Big Ten play, including trips to Ohio State and Michigan State - both of
which could be top-10 opponents by the time they meet the Badgers.

"I feel pretty much all of our games have been close lately, so that's
definitely going to help us moving on throughout the year," guard Josh Gasser
said. "We've got a lot of tough guys on our team that don't like to lose. That's
a good thing to have."

The Badgers also have their top-ranked defense, which is almost always a saving
grace in Madison. Wisconsin allows just 49.6 points per game and holds opponents
on average to 36.3 percent shooting from the field, both the best marks in the
country.

Against Indiana Thursday night, Berggren was critical in shutting down the
Hoosiers' leading scorer, 6-foot-11 forward Cody Zeller. Averaging 14.7 points
and 6.2 rebounds per game, Zeller had just seven and three, respectively,
against the Badgers. Saddled with four fouls, he took the floor for just 10
minutes in the second half.

Berggren also blocked five shots in that game, fueling much of the talk of grit
and fight permeating Wisconsin's post-game press conferences.

"I think we're showing a little more of it now this little winning streak we're
on here," Berggren said. "It's not something that you can really turn on or off
sometimes; it's just something you've got to have. It's something that we have.
The guys in our locker room are all tough kids, and they're all going to play
hard."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  Independent Collegian: University of Toledo

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

UT professor discusses New Hampshire Republican Primary

BYLINE: Vincent D. Scebbi

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 570 words


After narrowly escaping the Iowa Caucus with an eight-vote victory, Republican
Party candidate Mitt Romney won the New Hampshire Primary by a much larger
margin Tuesday.

Romney, a Detroit native and former governor of Massachusetts, won approximately
39 percent of the New Hampshire votes, with Ron Paul coming in second with about
23 percent of votes. Jon Huntsman, the former Utah governor, collected
approximately 17 percent of votes and Newt Gingrich won around 10 percent of the
votes, putting him narrowly ahead of Rick Santorum.

As of yesterday, Romney has 25 total delegate votes, Paul is in second with 10
and Santorum is third with eight. The total number of delegates required to win
the candidacy is 1,144.

Professor of Political Science at UT David Davis said Romney is the clear
front-runner of Republican nominees aiming to unseat President Barack Obama.

"He looks better than he did yesterday," he said. "Winning Iowa, even by eight
votes, is a good sign. Winning New Hampshire quite respectably is a good sign."

Davis said the possibility of uniting behind one candidate is unlikely.

With Romney gaining momentum heading into the South Carolina on Jan. 21, Davis
said it is still unclear how much of an impact Ohioans will have on Super
Tuesday, which is when Ohio and 13 other primaries occur.

"I think the interesting question for Ohioans is are we going to have any fun on
Super Tuesday or will all the excitement be gone?" he said. "Romney is marching
forward to his coronation, but he is far from having this in the bag. If Romney
appears to be the eventual winner, people will back out."

Andrew Zucker, deputy communications director for the Ohio Democratic Party,
said in an email that Ohioans will be better prepared and more knowledgeable
about the candidates.

Davis said Romney will remain the favorite unless all of the other Republicans
unite behind one of the other six runners.

"Santorum would be the most logical candidate," he said. "He doesn't have
problems like the others do. He's conservative, but mainstream. He was a
Congressman and he doesn't have the so-called baggage."

The second place candidate in New Hampshire, Paul, declared himself in the
Republican Party, but Davis said his political views are Libertarian.

"Ron Paul is not your typical Republican," he said. "He believes in minimal
government regulation, the removal of social security and downsizing the
military."

Davis said it is a "mystery" as to why Paul, who was the Libertarian Party
presidential nominee in 1988, has attracted a large amount of young voters by
winning 48 percent of voters between 18 to 29 in Iowa and 46 percent of voters
18 to 24 in New Hampshire, according to exit polls on CNN.com.

With the Ohio Primary over seven weeks away, the state Democrats are already
taking actions against the GOP favorite.

"When GM and Chrysler were struggling and jobs across Ohio were on the line,
Governor Romney said that we should let the auto industry go bankrupt," said
Ohio Democratic Party Chairman Chris Redfern in a press conference yesterday.
"If Mitt Romney were president, we would not have an Ohio auto industry as we
know it today. We would not see Chrysler increasing Jeep production and adding
jobs in Northwest Ohio, as was reported by the Toledo Blade today... Mitt
Romney's idea of free enterprise is to allow Ohio's auto industry to go bankrupt
and abandon our autoworkers when they need leadership the most."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Temple News: Temple University

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Prospecting the 49ers

BYLINE: Connor Showalter

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 765 words


PAUL KLEIN TTN Junior guard Khalif Wyatt leads the Atlantic Ten Conference in
scoring during in-conference play with 21 points per game. He scored a
career-high 28 points against Dayton.

The men's basketball team will return to A-10 play on Wednesday against the
Charlotte 49ers.

Men's basketball claimed its second win of the season against an Atlantic Coast
Conference squad when it defeated the Maryland Terrapins (12-6, 2-2 ACC), 73-60,
on Saturday in front of a sold-out crowd at The Palestra.

In the Atlantic Ten Conference, the Owls (13-5, 2-2 A-10) sit a game and a half
behind first-place Dayton (14-5, 4-1 A-10) in the standings. However, there are
also seven teams separating the Flyers and the Owls.

Temple hits the road on Wednesday to face the Charlotte 49ers (10-8, 2-3 A-10),
who are ranked 288th out of 344 nationally in field goal percentage at .408 and
have lost their past three conference games. But coach Fran Dunphy said during a
teleconference call on Monday that he expects a hard fought league game.

"To me this league is a fantastic league, one that you have to be on your game,
each and every night," Dunphy said. "If you don't play your best basketball then
pretty much assure yourself that you're going to be very lucky to win a game or
you're going to be coming out on the losing side."

Pacing Temple offensively against Maryland were guards redshirt-senior Ramone
Moore and junior Khalif Wyatt who each scored 20 points in the win. The win
marked the Owls' second straight, coming off a 76-70 victory against city-rival
La Salle last Wednesday.

The Owls will be looking to defend Charlotte's 6-foot-9-inch junior forward
Chris Braswell who leads the team in scoring (14.5 points per game) as well as
rebounding (7.5 rebounds per game). Dunphy said it will be up to
redshirt-freshman forward Anthony Lee to defend Braswell.

"Braswell is a terrific player and one of the better big guys in our league,"
Dunphy said. "He does a lot of different things, he's not one dimensional. But
he's going to be a tough matchup for us."

"Obviously [Lee] is going to have to deal with [the matchup], but he's been
dealing with it for the last number of games," Dunphy added. "He's been trying
to fight like crazy and I'm proud of his efforts."

The 49ers are a young team with two underclassmen in the starting lineup,
including freshman guard Pierria Henry, who leads the team and is second in the
A-10 in steals per game (2.7) and is also the 49ers' leader in assists with 3.3
per outing.

One of the Owls' weaknesses this season has been their ability to rebound, as
they are on average out-rebounded by their opponents. The team is No. 183
nationally in the category with 34.7 per game.

However, the return of graduate center Micheal Eric could help the Owls in that
department. Prior to Eric's injury, which kept him on the bench for 13 games
this season, he led the A-10 in rebounds with 11.3.

Eric said after the Maryland game during a media interview that his abilities on
the court should come back quickly for him.

"I think I just have to build that confidence that every shot I take is going to
be a good shot," Eric said.

In seven minutes of action against Maryland, Eric didn't record any rebounds and
went 0-1 from the field after taking a jumper from outside the paint. Dunphy
said during a conference teleconference call that he will evaluate the number of
minutes that Eric will play against the 49ers.

"I think we'll continue to do what we did on Saturday and give [Eric] selected
minutes in the first and second half and see how he feels and see how his
efficiency is," Dunphy said. "I thought he did as good as you could do after
being off for as long as he was."

While the team would like to have its starting center in top shape immediately,
the Owls also realize that they need to be patient with Eric's return to the
court.

"I'm not sure and I don't want [Eric] to rush it and put too much pressure on
himself," Moore said in the Maryland postgame press conference. "We want to just
work him back into the system. Once he gets going, I think come tournament time,
he'll probably be back to himself."

Eric said on Saturday that Dunphy expects him to play "a couple minutes" against
Charlotte and then again versus St. Joseph's on Saturday, when the Hawks visit
the Liacouras Center at 4 p.m.

"I'm just going to have to show that I can progress from now until maybe March
or until maybe next week or two weeks from now, I have to progress so I can be
in position to play more minutes to help the team out," Eric said.

Connor Showalter can be reached at connor.showalter@temple.edu

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  Western Courier: Western Illinois University

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Economy reflected in TV

BYLINE: Alex Rieger Courier Staff

SECTION: THE-EDGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 406 words


Alex RiegerCourier Staff
January 25, 2012
Filed under The Edge

Entertainment has always been prone to following the latest trend. Any
successful formula is going to be duplicated a dozen times over, and I think
most of us take it for granted that our hundred-plus channels are really just
the same five shows with different actors. One of the newer TV trends is
something I have dubbed "recession television," and it serves as an interesting
reflection on our current society.

The type of show that falls into my "recession television" category is one that
is all about following people who have a semi-unique occupation while they try
to catch a deal.

Pawn Stars and American Pickers are the two most notable shows that started this
trend. For some reason, watching a couple of guys look at valuable old things
then try to ream the owner into selling it for a fraction of its potential value
provides cathartic enjoyment to viewers who are likely searching their couch
cushions for enough change to pay their cable bill.

Besides the various direct rip-offs of these two shows that are sprinkled
amongst the channels, there are shows like Storage Wars. It turns out that
watching a couple of contrived characters bidding on abandoned storage units is
thoroughly addicting for a large audience. It has been popular enough to spawn
Storage Wars: Texas, which is perfect for all those who couldn't get enough bad
reality TV acting with the first show.

The reason for the proliferation of these types of shows is twofold. For the
studios behind these productions, it's like printing money. They just sign the
check for a camera crew, get a decent editor to splice daily business
transactions into something resembling a story, then throw it on TV and watch
the ad revenue come rolling in.

For the viewer, it's an easy fantasy world they can escape to after a busy day
of being broke. Watching junk sell for a profit seems exciting. Everyone has
something useless lying around, so they get to dream about stumbling over a rare
find of their own while watching the artificial drama that Hollywood is known
for.

Entertainment is a reflection of society, and we are in a society that is
desperately working to keep its head above the financial waters that are
threatening to drown our commodity-based lifestyle. It should be of no surprise
that in these dire economic times our entertainment preference is now the slick
capitalist bartering of scrap-dealers.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The North Wind: Northern Michigan University

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Job market spiraling down toilet for recent college grads

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 681 words


Guest Column by Lee McClellandI am creeping ever closer to my graduation date
with no real prospect of a job. What to do in a recession? We are actually out
of the "Great Recession," according to some economists, but I would say with
still high rates of unemployment and a stagnant stock market, it's safe to say
that our job market runs afoul without any real job creation occurring, or at
least not what has been promised by countless politicians - but I digress. I
have therefore decided on an occupation that requires, according to the Glass
Cactus Nightclub of Grapevine, Texas, a high school diploma and one year of
experience - a resoom attendant.

Much like the other customer service jobs that I've held since I threw my hat in
the ring, joining the American workforce at the age of 16, I would be required
to maintain a stoic disposition towards the most unsavory characters and their
explosive outbursts. I would have to put up with a lot of - well, I believe you
know where I am going with that one. It is most certainly one of the hardest
jobs out there, but the work is there for the taking. After all, everybody
poops. For those of you who have not had the pleasure of experiencing the awe
inspiring statuesque of a tuxedo wearing man (or woman) of the washroom variety,
let me fill you in. Let's say that you have to relieve yourself. You're at a
fancy restaurant and you excuse yourself from the table. As you stiff arm the
bathroom door, you notice a well-dressed gentleperson dawning a pristine towel
upon their upraised arm; next to them is a variety of toileies: cologne, mints,
anti-bacterial soap, condoms, combs, toothpaste, toothbrushes, floss, mouthwash
and a silver dish intended for tips. You retire to a stall, do the deed and go
to wash your hands. The dapper individual greets you while engaging in small
talk. "How do you do? Fine weather we're having. Cologne?" Why yes, you reply, I
would like you - washroom wizard - to mask the aura of flatulence that I am
currently exuding. Two sprays of a cheap bathroom cleaner smelling chemical seep
into your sports coat. A dollar finds its way into the silver dish while you
make your exit. Now you are on the same level as the rest of us. I am assuming,
if you have not already asked yourself this, you are wondering, "Why, sange
North Wind columnist, would you want to stand aloof in a bathroom with dirty
sangers and dry their hands and supply them with bad cologne and prophylactics?"
The answer is relatively simple. It doesn't matter what field I go into in the
current job market; I am not going to command the salary that I deserve, not
when there is high competition for jobs. Employers are taking advantage of the
droves of recent college graduates who are sipping themselves of their
graduation robes and seeking gainful employment. With high competition comes
lower salaries; this is to be expected. So why not stay in school? Well, McGruff
the Crime Dog, I'll tell you why you should not opt to wait it out and stay in
school. Although I would never dissuade someone from attempting to better
themselves by broadening their mind, I would ask them their intentions for doing
so. Is it for a higher salary? You might be a bit disappointed to hear this, but
many employers do not want to hire graduates who have master's and doctoral
degrees because they are expected to pay those individuals a higher wage. If
there is a larger number of graduates in the job market with master's degrees,
then there is more competition, so landing that dream job could be even harder.
While I toil away in the recess of a toilet somewhere in Hoboken, N.J., or
perhaps - if I'm lucky - the Glass Cactus, I will be sitting on a gold mine. I
will be able to work in peace knowing that my degree will mature like a fine
cheese while I stand in a workplace that smells like Vieux Boulogne. While the
paons are groaning in pain, I will be awaiting their exit with my tip dish ready
with my most pleasant face and the word "cologne" on my lips. Though I may not
be respected, at least I'll be learning how to stomach a raw deal.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                           The Post: Ohio University

                            January 3, 2012 Tuesday

The World Spins Madly On: Money shouldn't be 'gateway' to education

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 685 words


Cha-ching.

As we come back from a long break, many of us have holiday cash bouncing around
in our pockets. Money can't buy happiness, but the way that the distribution of
wealth functions nowadays requires money for opportunity - and opportunity can
produce happiness. One of these opportunities many of us have a habit of taking
for granted is an education.

As we begin a new quarter, the majority of us dread the long winter ahead. Ten
weeks of school can easily fly by, until brutal weather is added to the mix.
With potential snowstorms, harsh winds, and the rarity of seeing sunlight,
students lose motivation to get up in the morning and attend class.

However, knowing that being able to attend school is a privilege - a privilege
that many others don't have and one that can better our futures - rather than a
punishment can help us to appreciate our education rather than dread the long
hours ahead.

Over 121 million children worldwide cannot afford an education. Over half of the
world's children are in poverty. Nearly a billion people in the world entered
the 21st century unable to read or write.

Unfortunately, education systems around the world are geared toward families
with higher income, and the majority of people live by this equation: education
= job = money.

Even more sadly, this is in fact a reliable formula. In order to have a stable
job, education is generally required. Without education, thousands are left
unemployed and without hope. And without a reliable job, there's no source of
supporting income.

Due to the insane wealth gap in developing countries, many children born in to
poor families will never have the chance to have an education or work toward
closing the infamous gap.

Consequently, they will never have the opportunity to gain the respect and equal
opportunity that they truly deserve.

Over 1.4 billion people live with less-than one U.S. dollar a day, and over 2.5
billion live under the equivalence of two U.S. dollars a day. When an individual
has such a low amount of money to survive from, education is out of the
question. There are other priorities such as food, electricity, water and
sanitation. These people have no finances for health care, and many of them are
forced to work several occupations.

The three richest people in the world make more than the lowest 10 percent of
all the world's people combined.

As college students, it's our hope that after graduation we will all land among
steady paying jobs and be happily employed.

Unfortunately, a large portion of the world's population is uneducated,
unemployed and very underprivileged in comparison to American standards. In
fact, minimum wage in America would seem like a small fortune to many residents
of third world countries. As Americans, we think a minimum wage job doesn't give
us much, but the average income from the bottom percent in the United States is
higher than two-thirds of the global population. However, many people in our own
country suffer financially due to the unequal wealth distribution.

Money shouldn't be the gateway to earning an education. All children deserve the
chance to learn, yet understandably this isn't realistic. In a perfect world,
everyone would have the right to attend school, regardless of economic
background.

The inequality of wealth is an ongoing problem, which cannot be easily dealt
with or solved. As students we can only do our part by not taking for granted
scooping grub in the dining hall or the seemingly tedious in-class requirements
we complete.

Thankfully, there is something we can do to help beyond appreciation. As a
fairly privileged campus, we have the ability to reach out to those in our own
community, as well as those in unfamiliar places through multiple
charity-focused organizations and clubs.

Although money can't buy happiness, it can buy an education and the opportunity
for others to learn and grow in the same way that we do every day here at Ohio
University.

Olivia Harlow is a sophomore studying journalism and photojournalism and a
columnist forThe Post. If you're trying to break away from the equation, email
her at oh258409@ohiou.edu

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Brock Press: Brock University

                             January 9, 2012 Monday

Region begins 1812 commemorations

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 697 words


The inauguration of the year 2012 has begun a period of great activity for the
Niagara Region. The year will mark the 200th anniversary of the start of the war
of 1812, and will see the first of many events to commemorate the war - events
that will continue all the way through to the 2014 bicentenary of the signing of
The Treaty of Ghent, which ended the war.

"We're working with a number of community groups and a number of federal and
provincial groups," said Jim Hill, Superintendant of Heritage for the Niagara
Parks Commission, who oversees the operations of all the historical sites under
the Commission's jurisdiction.

"There's going to be a series of activities, mainly in June, which marks the
declaration of war by the United States."

The commemorations began on Jan. 1 during a New Year's celebration at Fort
George hosted by Ontario Lieutenant Governor David Onley.

"In effect, we are launching the bicentennial of the War of 1812 today," Onley
told the crowd.

Though the planned events are largely military in nature - taking place at old
forts and battlefields, and often involving re-enactments of the events by
actors in period uniforms - both Onley and Hill have stressed that the events
will be a celebration of 200 years of peace between Canada and the United States
following the end of the war, and not of the war itself.

"This was a pretty awful event on a scale that we often forget," said Hill.

"Virtually every residence in the Region, if not destroyed, was rendered
uninhabitable from the occupation."

The War of 1812 cumulatively killed over 15,000 people and inflicted widespread
damage on both sides of the border - most notoriously during the British army's
burning of Washington. An agreement between the United States and Britain at the
end of the war awarded the Americans $1,204,960 in compensation. Since the war
ended, there has been a wide debate over which side was the war's victor - the
ambiguity arising due to both sides having largely achieved their military
goals.

"We are lucky," said Hill, "that the Americans who are willing to visit are
generally well informed, pretty bright people [...] they understand that we're
going to be telling them a slightly different story.

"In typical Canadian fashion we'll apologize to the Americans for beating them
and try to be kind."

According to Hill, a great deal of attention has been paid to the contributions
made by Aboriginal groups to the Canadian war effort. One example Hill gave was
The Battle of Beaver Dams, which was won by a Canadian force composed entirely
of Kahnawake warriors who had come from their home north of the St. Lawrence
River. The defeat proved highly demoralising to the American forces.

"We had heroes - even back then - who were not Anglo-Saxon protestant white
people," Hill said.

The Battle of Beaver Dams is also notable for having made Laura Secord famous.
Secord, whose house is now a historical site under the control of the Niagara
Parks Commission, discovered an impending American ambush prior to the battle
and then trekked 30 km to warn the British commander James FitzGibbon. The
resulting failure of the ambush prefigured the American defeat. Secord's famous
trek was later retraced by Brock University Professor Alun Hughes, who compiled
one of the first truly accurate maps of her journey.

"If this new route is correct, Laura Secord travelled approximately 15 miles on
foot - from sunrise at about 4:30 a.m. to nautical twilight around 9:30 p.m.,"
said Hughes's research report.

As Hill pointed out, Secord was not the only Niagara resident to earn fame
during the war. Hill told the story of William Hamilton Merritt, "one of St.
Catharines's most famous sons" who would later build the first Welland Canal.
During the war, Merritt joined the Second Lincoln Militia, which was stationed
in Chippawa, and patrolled the area around the Niagara River as the leader of a
group of volunteer dragoons. During a patrol, Merritt was captured and sent to
an American Prisoner of War camp - from which he escaped.

"In truly Canadian fashion," said Hill, "Merritt, who came from a Loyalist
household, stopped to visit his American girlfriend on his way home from a POW
camp."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Utah Chronicle: University of Utah

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Women's basketball: Badon steadies team spirit

BYLINE: Bubba Brown

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 987 words


[media-credit id=1 align="alignright" width="172"][/media-credit]

The women's basketball team has suffered its share of bumps while navigating
through its first season in the Pac-12. But through it all, its tested leader
has remained a constant.

With four years of experience under her belt, Ute point guard Janita Badon has
been a guiding force for an injury-plagued team trying to find its legs against
unfamiliar and talented opponents. Her well-rounded stat line - 9.9 points, 5.9
rebounds and 5.4 assists per game - jumps out at you.

Though they can't be overstated, her stats tell only part of the story. To
understand Badon's full impact for the Utes, her teammates say, you have to
watch. It's in the way her calm demeanor helps steady the team late in close
games. It's in how she works with younger players, always knowing when to
provide encouragement or tough love. It's in the things that don't show up in
the box score.

"It's comforting," forward Taryn Wicijowski said of having Badon's leadership on
the court. "She's been through all kinds of situations.
Whether we're up by 20 or down by 20, she's been through it all and knows what
it takes. Everybody's comfortable with her saying, 'This is what you need to
do.' She's not afraid to say something."

Being the Utes' leader is a familiar role for Badon. As the team's most
experienced player last season as a junior, she maneuvered a young team, whose
proven post scorer was lost in the third game of the season, to a conference
tournament championship.

"In any team atmosphere, leadership is incredibly important, and Janita is one
of the most magnetic people I've ever been around," said Utah head coach Anthony
Levrets. "People just follow her. When she was younger, maybe that wasn't always
for the best, but she's learned how to lead."

Badon's ability and willingness to take control of the team is even more
important given her position - a successful point guard must be a court general
and, like a master chess player, be able to see everything on the court at once.

"It's a great role to say, 'Yeah, I am the point guard,' " Badon said. "But it's
much more than just that. You have to try to clone your coach's brain."

Acquiring the tools to think like a coach on the floor has been a career-long
process for Badon. She played significant minutes as a freshman and has spent
the past three years as a starter trying to perfect that part of her game.

"I think I've learned so much since my freshman year," Badon said. "Like
everyone else always says, I wish I would have known my freshman year what I
know now."

Badon's leadership is not limited to games, however. One of her greatest impacts
is the example she sets in practice, where she provides an upbeat attitude that
spreads to the rest of the team.

"The thing that is so great about Janita is her personality is so steady and
level," Levrets said. "She's gregarious and fun. It doesn't matter whether we
just lost to somebody or beat somebody, she comes back to practice with the same
personality every day. That kind of stuff is contagious."

Despite her success on the hardwood - she'll graduate as the Utes' third
all-time assist leader and will likely finish first or second in steals - Badon
says there's more to her than just a being a basketball player.

"I'm a Christian first, daughter second, sister third, then I become a
basketball player," she said.

That her life extends beyond basketball has drawn the respect of those around
her, who understand the difficulties of dealing with the pressures of being a
student-athlete while trying to lead a normal life.

"Outside of school, outside of basketball, life has happened to her," Levrets
said. "I have a ton of respect for her."

Fortunately, Badon's sense of humor allows her to take everything in stride.
She's always joking with her teammates and coaches, and her mantra is to "keep
smiling."

"She's one of those people who can give it and take it," Levrets said.
"She's always looking to make somebody else laugh or laugh herself. She keeps
everybody light."

"She's the life of the party," Wicijowski said.

Along with humor, Badon turns to music to cope with the grind of basketball and
life.

"Music is my savior," Badon said. "Crank that sucker up. I listen to everything.
I'm not really a rocker, but everything else. I'm a lead singer in my church
choir back home. Nobody knows that. I don't even think my teammates know that. I
wouldn't say I'm that good, but I like to do it."

After she graduates in May, Badon wants to put her leadership skills to the test
off the basketball court. She hopes to become a television or radio broadcaster,
a fitting occupation given the charisma she exudes.

"I think whatever she decides she wants to do, she's going to be very good at
it," Levrets said. "But her personality is made for being in front of people.
You put a microphone in her hand or a camera in front of her, and she just turns
on. I think the broadcasting business will be a great fit for her."

As one of the Utes' most successful and outgoing players, she's developed into
the face of the team, meaning she's always one of the team's most sought-after
players for interviews. Being on the other end of the media spectrum is
something Badon anxiously anticipates.

"I look forward to talking to the media," Badon said. "Some people are like, 'I
don't know what to say to them,' but as a point guard, I think you should know
everything. I know what to say. Going into that profession, I know what people
like to be asked and [how to handle interviews]."

The whole package Badon gives the Utes makes for a sobering reality Levrets
hopes to postpone for as long as possible. The season's last game will be
Badon's last in a Utah uniform.

"Every year when you lose your seniors, it's always hard to replace them,"
Levrets said. "But her personality is so big - especially being the only senior
in her class - it's going to be a huge vacuum for us to fill."

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Utah Statesman: Utah State University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Graveyard shifts keep students burning the midnight oil

BYLINE: HANNAH HENINGER and CATHERINE BENNETT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 778 words


As full-time students at USU, some may agree it is difficult to get a full
night's sleep, after juggling a job and a stack of homework. However, some
students' jobs are the reason they don't get their eight hours of recommended
sleep.

A handful of students can be found roaming the Taggart Student Center and other
buildings on campus after 5 p.m. with a bucket of cleaning supplies. Others work
past 9 p.m. in computer labs. Some work from midnight until sunrise. What are
these students sacrificing to bring in a paycheck twice a month?

David Lieberman, a junior majoring in business and night auditor at Sherwood
Hills Resort in Sardine Canyon, said the night shift has not been so bad since
he adapted.

"I worked night shifts four nights a week for a majority of the first semester,
and it wasn't fun," Lieberman said. "This semester, I decided to tell my boss
that I only wanted to work two to three nights per week, which is better."

The sacrifices associated with working nights and attending classes the next day
include commonly missing out on extracurricular activities, said Jace Cairns, a
junior majoring in liberal arts and a night auditor at the Comfort Inn in Logan.

Because of Cairns' graveyard schedule, he said he sleeps during the day when he
can find time and, therefore, misses out on quite a few events he would
otherwise enjoy attending.

However, working night shifts can have positive aspects as well.

Lieberman said, "I actually really enjoy working a graveyard shift at a hotel,
because I can finish all of my homework while I work, and it isn't very
work-intensive."

Cairns said because few customers need assistance during his shift, he also
finds a lot of time to focus on his studies.

The main problem associated with working the night shift for some students is
trouble staying awake during classes.

"Staying up all night and then going to class makes it difficult to stay awake
during lectures," Cairns said.

Lieberman said because of his job, he found himself skipping early classes more
often than he used to.

"My grades didn't really suffer too much because the classes I took weren't too
hard," Lieberman said. "But if I had more early classes that required
attendance, it would have been a struggle."

Sydney Hanks, a senior majoring in special education, didn't find balancing
schoolwork and her graveyard shift at Logan Regional Hospital as easy to manage.
Working in the mother and newborn unit, Hanks said she is constantly on the
move, working from 5 p.m. to 5 a.m. Most of her time is spent with newborns in
the nursery while their mothers rest, she added.

"I was tired all the time, and I wasn't social at all," Hanks said. "I wasn't
doing very well in school because I just was like 'Oh, I can miss this day and
sleep in.'"

Hanks said she ended up speaking with her boss about her work schedule,
explaining the effect it was having on her grades. She now works the 12-hour
shift on weekends to manage her three classes.

Students preparing to graduate sometimes take night shifts for their first
career-oriented jobs in order to get their feet in the door. Tazya Williams, a
USU alumna who graduated with a bachelor's degree in broadcast journalism, said
she works the 12-8 a.m. shift for "2News This Morning" as a producer. Though she
said the graveyard shift isn't ideal, she is happy to be employed doing what she
enjoys.

"The benefits for me are my weekend starts at 8 a.m. on Fridays, and I don't go
back until Sunday, so it's a great weekend. I get home around 9 (a.m.) and sleep
until 3 or 4 (p.m.)."

Williams said her sleep schedule often confuses her body. She tries to sleep
like "normal people" on the weekend, but then goes back to sleeping during the
day when she works.

"Sometimes you just don't sleep over the weekends," Williams said. "On weekends,
I just end up sleeping during the day - waking up and then going back to sleep.
You can tell when your body has had it."

Though Williams said she loves her job now, she knows she doesn't want to
permanently work night shift. It's a way of earning her way up the career
ladder, she said, and being recently graduated from college, she realizes she
can't choose the hours she wants.

It's similar to the way a job works with a student's schedule in college, she
said.

"If you are still in college, you aren't always going to find a job that works
around your classes," Williams said. "It comes down to how bad you want it."

As a college student or recent graduate, sometimes there's no option to be picky
about an occupation, Williams said, and everyone needs to make sacrifices when
it comes to landing and keeping a job.

- hannahheninger@gmail.com,

- catherine.meidell@aggiemail.usu.edu

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bullet: Mary Washington

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Sustainability Major Paying-Off In Post-Graduate Job Search

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1475 words


By BULLET STAFF

For more and more students, going green is paying off, as jobs in environmental
sustainability thrive in spite of the bad economy.

According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , employment in environmental
science is "expected to grow much faster than the average for all occupations.
Job prospects are expected to be favorable, particularly in state and local
government."

The BLS said that the number of environmental scientists and specialists in the
U.S., 85,900 in 2008, is projected to surge 28 percent to 109,800 by 2018.The
reported median salary of environmental scientists and specialists in 2008 was
$59,750, and according to the National Association of Colleges and Employers,
beginning salary offers in July 2009 for graduates with bachelor's degrees in an
environmental science averaged $39,160 per year.

Whenjunior Abbie Rogers started at the University of Mary Washington, she never
imagined that she would become actively involved in environmentalism. Although
she always considered herself an outdoorsy kid, she didn't think of working to
protect the environment until she attended a field trip with the Ecology Club to
"Appalachia Rising," a mass mobilization against mountaintop removal coal
mining.

According to Rogers, seeing the damage that irresponsible coal mining and
mountaintop removal had done so close to home was a wake-up call. She is now
very involved with the Ecology Club on campus and works as a member of the
student board of Greenpeace, the environmental organization. Rogers, who hopes
to work in organizing for Greenpeace, is minoring in environmental
sustainability.

Emily Sherman, a junior and president of UMW's Ecology Club, also had no
intention of studying environmental science when she started college. Her
original plan was to double major in philosophy and political science.

After coming to UMW, she decided to major in environmental science and has
worked as an intern at Friends of the Rappahannock, Virginia Recycling Markets
Development Council, Chesapeake Climate Action Network and is currently working
with the George Washington Regional Commission as the Energy Efficiency Program
Intern. Sherman hopes to pursue a career in environmental organizing for a
non-profit organization.

At UMW, there are currently 81 students majoring in environmental science and 16
minoring in environmental sustainability.

According to Mathew Wilkerson, director of institutional research, the number of
students in the environmental science program varies from year to year and has
both increased and decreased over the past 5 years.

Program sizes vary across Virginia. The University of Richmond currently has 30
students majoring and 20 students minoring in environmental sciences. George
Washington University has 70 undergraduate students in the program. Virginia
Polytechnic Institute and State University has upwards of 160 students, while
the University of Virginia has roughly 150 and James Madison University has
around 130.

Professor Thomas Thompson, head of the Department of Crop and Soil Environmental
Sciences at Virginia Tech, said that the program has been steady over the past
five years and he has noticed that it is beginning to increase.

Professor Stephen Leslie, chair of the Department of Geology and Environmental
Science at JMU, has also noticed an increase in the environmental science major,
saying that it has doubled in the last four years.

Michael Bass, a biology professor at UMW, is responsible for the creation of the
school's environmental science major.

When approached by former UMW President Prince Woodard, who served the
university from 1974-1982 about starting an earth-science certification program.
Bass suggested that the university would benefit more from the creation of a new
environmental science major.

Woodard agreed under the terms that the earth-science studies would be included
in the program. The first students of the environmental earth-science major
graduated in 1983.

Now, UMW offers two routes for students interested in pursuing a major in
environmental earth science: a natural science track and a social science track.
Social science focuses on the political and economic issues, while natural
science focuses more heavily on the scientific aspects.

Most recently, the department began to offer a minor in environmental
sustainability. All of the programs are interdisciplinary and students take
courses in subjects such as economics and mathematics.

Although there is currently no graduate program in environmental sciences at
UMW, students often continue their education at other schools such as Duke,
Virginia Tech and UVA.

According to UVA's website, the school currently offers three graduate degree
programs in environmental studies: Master of Arts, Master of Science and
Doctorate of philosophy. George Mason University in Fairfax, Va., also offers a
doctorate program and four different options for students who wish to continue
their studies and earn their masters.

Brittney Baker graduated from UMW in 2009 with a major in environmental science.
She continued to the Nicholas School at Duke University where, in two years, she
earned her master's in environmental management. While completing her master's,
she interned at Appalachian Voices, an environmental not-for-profit organization
committed to protecting the Appalachian region while focusing on the
environmental impact of coal mining.

At the start of Baker's senior year at UMW, she hadn't planned on attending
graduate school. She changed her mind when employers at a Green Jobs fair she
attended stressed that they liked to see a graduate education on an applicant's
resume.

Some UMW alumni have already been successful in using their studies in college
to help them get jobs without attending graduate school. Tori Wong, who
graduated this year, has found a way to make a living out of her passion for the
environment.

When she first arrived at UMW, Wong was interested in the environment, but had a
solid plan to major in communications and seek a job in the field of public
relations. After getting involved with the Ecology Club, Wong realized that she
wanted to be a part of the solution and created a special major in environmental
sustainability.

Now, Wong works for Green Corps with the Sierra Club Beyond Coal Campaign. The
group is working to shut down the largest on-campus coal plant in the country,
at Michigan State University. She feels that organizing environmental campaigns
across the country is the best way to help the environment and doesn't plan to
attend graduate school at the moment.

With a growing awareness of the need to actively preserve the environment, the
job market in environmental sustainability is opening up opportunities that have
not previously existed. Jobs have been created in federal, state and local
governmental departments, as well as with private companies that are working to
reduce their carbon footprint.

Public sector organizations that look for environmental science majors include
the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of the Interior, the Army
Corps of Engineers, Natural Resource Conservation Service and Virginia
Department of Environmental Quality, according to Virginia Tech's website.

There are also many non-profit organizations that look to employ knowledgeable
people, including the Chesapeake Climate Action Network, which is dedicated to
fighting global warming in Maryland, Virginia. and Washington, D.C., the World
Wildlife Foundation, one of the world's foremost organizations in wildlife
conservation, 350.org, which uses online campaigning to increase environmental
activism around the globe, and the Sierra Club, a grassroots organization
dedicated to environmental protection.

With the BLS estimating the national unemployment rate to be nine percent, most
college students worry about the availability of jobs when they graduate.
However, those wanting to go into sustainability, including Rogers and Sherman,
are not too anxious.

"The great thing about the environmental movement, other than the fact that
we're trying to save the world, is that there are so many opportunities to take
on leadership roles and gain experience," said Sherman, "I'm hoping that it
won't be too hard to find a job when the time comes. The way that I see it...
help is always needed."

Rogers agreed. Despite the fact that non-profits are being hit hard in this
economy, she believes that Greenpeace, and other environment-focused nonprofits,
will survive and continue to thrive.

"A green agenda is coming to the forefront," Rogers said. "All these things are
coming together. A lot of things are changing. People are letting go of their
apathy and, if this consciousness continues, I should be able to find a job
because there is a lot of work to do."

Bridget Balch, Lindsay Bennett and Rachel Berenbaum contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                        The Mirror: Fairfield University

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

9/11 Movie is "Incredibly" Beautiful

BYLINE: Loan Le

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 645 words


Conibuted PhotoThe ailer for "Exemely Loud and Incredibly Close" undoubtedly
caused some people to say that the movie about 9/11 is the film indusy's way of
exploiting the American agedy for a couple of bucks.It's ue: any media porayal
of the 9/11 attacks toes the line between being respectful and being
exploitative. However, the film adaptation of the novel by Jonathan Safran Foer,
directed by Stephen Daldry, makes the attacks the backdrop of the film."Exemely
Loud" primarily takes place a year after the 9/11 attacks. Oskar Schell (Thomas
Horn) had lost his father Thomas (Tom Hanks) in the attacks, and he and his
mother Linda (Sandra Bullock) still feel the emptiness from losing a beloved
figure in their lives. His mother is ying her best to keep the small family
afloat, but she is still floundering on how to deal with her son, who, to the
audience, displays some symptoms of Asberger's syndrome: he is bright and
talkative, his attention jumps from one thing to another, he hates loud sounds
and he has a fear of public ansportation.One day Oskar finds a key in an
envelope with the word "Black" written on it, and he believes that the key will
unlock an important possession of his father's. He then takes on the ambitious
task of visiting all of the people in NYC with the last name Black, hoping to
uncover something which will keep his father's memory alive.

As a sensitive kid who experiences anxiety around everyday things that most
people are perfectly comfortable with, Oskar must overcome his fears to complete
his mission.Along with his tambourine-something of a security blanket for
Oskar-and a business card listing his various occupations, he sets out every
Saturday in search of the right Black and an explanation for the key. Through
his weekly journeys, he encounters people who, irresistible to Oskar's charm (in
most cases), open up to him about their life experiences.Most of the movie
proceeded like a lighthearted mystery because people wanted to know what the key
unlocked. But it turns out that the movie is not all about the key.The most
important part of the movie is Oskar dealing with the loss of his father while
ying to find some way to stay connected to him. The film is about the act of
moving on from a devastating turn of events, just like the one Oskar had
experienced.The movie highlights the power of finding sength in the people
around you. Oskar certainly found his supporter in his mother, who, like her
son, still misses the sound of her husband's voice. He also finds a friend in a
mysterious and voluntarily mute man, played by Max von Sydow who rents his
German grandmother's apartment. The Renter acts as a replacement--though
short-lived- for Oskar's father.The level of acting in this film should be
heralded as a key aspect. Oskar is played by 14-year-old Thomas Horn, a boy
who-wait for it-had no acting experience before this movie. He was spotted by
Daldry after Horn appeared on "Jeopardy! for Kids."Every scene was brought to
life by Horn's innocent and eccenic porayal of Oskar. Hanks (who doesn't like
him?) was cast as the right person to play a loving father and playmate for
Oskar. Bullock also played a convincing mother, making some wonder how she could
have been in such a bomb film like "All About Steve."In spite of earlier fears,
the movie turned out not to be exploitive in the least, but rather a heartfelt
and uplifting movie on moving on.Some critics are calling Oskar "the obnoxious
kid," yet I definitely disagree with such a description. C'mon, all kids are
obnoxious. Oskar has the symptoms of autism, therefore his actions are meant to
come across as invading or "obnoxious." It's how he behaves. Maybe these critics
should take a note of patience from Oskar's father.Yesterday, the Oscars
announced that "Exemely Loud" was nominated for Best Picture. Clearly some
people liked the movie.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Gateway: University of Nebraska at Omaha

                           January 18, 2012 Wednesday

Track and field races into 2012

BYLINE: Nate Tenopir

SECTION: TRACK & FIELD; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 878 words

By Nate Tenopir, Sports Editor

Finishing in the top 20 is normally a springboard to further success the
following season. For the UNO women's track and field team and Assistant Coach
Chris Richardson, competing in 2012 means much more than just getting better
than last year.

As the transition to Division I continues for Maverick teams across campus,
track and field will have to experience the same growing pains as everyone else.

"This year is gonna be a year for getting stronger, getting wiser, getting our
technique down a little better," said Richardson, the South Central Regional
Division II Wmen's Assistant Coach of the Year for 2011. "Next year when we've
entered the Summit League, they'll be able to go out there and compete with the
best of them."

Taking a step back and focusing on improvement over competition might be a tough
pill to swallow for Richardson and the Mavs. There was success in 2011, and
there's still a lot left in the cupboard.

UNO produced national champions, numerous All-Americans and school records in
2011.

Five of those All-Americans return for 2012.

"This year and past years we've had some individuals capable of going to
nationals for Division I and being competitive, but for now it's gonna be a
building process," Richardson said.

"It's gonna be something where I think once our girls start realizing what they
have to do in order to get to that level that's where we can start getting to
that level as well."

The Mavs already have some of those athletes on the roster. Sophomore Kathie-Lee
Laidley, out of Portmore, Jamaica, was an indoors All-American in the high jump,
had a school record jump of 5-10 in the pentathlon at Northern Iowa and won the
MIAA Championship.

Junior Sami Spenner from Columbus, Neb., was an outdoor All-American in the
heptathlon, finished fifth in that event at the NCAA Championships and set a
school record mark of 39-5 ¾ in the triple jump at the MIAA Championship.

Senior Maja Mihalinec out of Mozijre, Slovenia, was an indoor All-American at
60-meters, set a school record in that event with a time of 7.49 seconds and was
an All-MIAA team selection.

"We have a whole bunch of returning All-Americans," Richardson said. "Sami
Spenner, she was an All-American in the heptathlon."

"She's one who's going to be able to score in a wide variety of events - long
jump, triple jump, high jump, javelin. She's just a well-rounded athlete who can
do lots of good things for us."

Yet, with all the talent returning to the team in 2012 that doesn't mean UNO
didn't go out and find some complements to what is already in place.
Traditionally, the Mavs have always had a strong runners and a strong 4 X 400
relay team.

Some of the additions include Lauren Psota from Kearney, Neb., Terri Armstrong
out of Bellevue, and Amanda Alexander from Omaha.

Psota finished third in the Nebraska State Meet in the 400, Alexander was a
four-year letter winner for Millard West and Armstrong helped Bellevue West to
an eighth place finish at the state meet.

"We're really excited to have her (Lauren Psota) as part of our team because she
showed tremendous improvement this year in high school for her senior year,"
Richardson said. "Terri Armstrong, she's another one who can show a tremendous
amount of improvement in the 400."

"And we have Amanda Alexander. She's one of the well-rounded athletes who can
come in and show she can do many events."

But as the Mavs look forward to more competition in D-I and becoming a
full-fledged member of the Summit League, big things might be ahead. It's not as
if it will be all new to UNO. Some opponents who are making a mark in the Mavs'
new conference are rather familiar.

Speaking about the conference, Richardson said that North Dakota State and South
Dakota are likely to be near the top of the conference in 2012. But recent
history says UNO shouldn't have any problems stacking up to that competition.

"South Dakota, this is gonna be their first year as a member and we used to go
head-to-head with them in the NCC (North Central Conference)," Richardson said.
"We kind of went back and forth as who's gonna be the best team in the NCC
between them and us."

"Now that they're in there, they're gonna be pushing North Dakota State a lot.
Once we get that opportunity to go in there, I think we're gonna be right up
there with them."

But before that can happen, some things have to change. For a while now, UNO has
been able to compete at the D-II level with a smaller team that had a handful of
standouts.

Stepping up to D-I means a change in requirements for how the Mavs qualify for
the NCAA tournament at the end of the season. In the past as a D-II team, it
didn't matter what meets UNO competed in.

Whether it was against D-I, D-II or NAIA it all counted towards qualifying for
the season-end championships. As a member of D-I, 80 percent of the meets the
Mavs compete in have to be against D-I competition.

Meets against Doane College won't suffice anymore. Chances are the UNO women's
track team may be spending more time on the road.

"We probably need to increase our depth a little bit," Richardson said. "We've
always been a smaller team with individuals who can score really high. Now we
just need a little more depth so we can compete with those larger teams that
have more funding."

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 348 DOCUMENTS


           The State Hornet: California State University - Sacramento

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Football hires O-coordinator during winter break

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 692 words


The Sacramento State football team added a new spark on offensethis month and
head coach Marshall Sperbeck said he will bring"energy" to the Hornets next
season.

Sperbeck named Paul Peterson as the team's new offensivecoordinator and
quarterback coach.

"We needed somebody to give us some new energy on the offensiveside of the
ball," Sperbeck said.

Peterson previously coached the quarterbacks and wide receiversalong with being
the passing coordinator at new conference foeSouthern Utah University, and has
now found his new home at SacState.

The opportunity was well-received by Peterson, who said he isexcited to be
working with Sperbeck.

"The biggest thing for me was that Coach Sperbeck has had20-plus years as being
a head coach and coordinating experience,"Peterson said. "I've been looking
forward to working with him andgetting insights from him to develop myself."

Peterson is not without his own accolades as a college player.He played
quarterback for Boston College, while earning a businessdegree, where he won two
bowl games, earned team Most ValuablePlayer in 2004 and MVP of the Continental
Tire Bowl. He alsoachieved the Boston College Person of the Year award in 2005.

After a successful college career, Peterson took his talents tothe professional
ranks where he played a short stint for the OttawaRenegades of the Canadian
Football League.

After being cut before the start of the Renegades 2005 season,he turned his
attention off the field and onto the sidelines.Peterson's first coaching job
began at Brigham Young University asan offensive graduate assistant.

After another short period at University of North Carolina asthe defensive
graduate assistant, he established himself atSouthern Utah.

His four years at Southern Utah have been well-documented forhis roll in
developing solid quarterbacks and wide receivers. Twoof which, quarterback Brad
Sorensen and wide receiver Tysson Poots,received Great West Conference MVPs for
their play.

Now at Sac State, Peterson plans to use his experiences as aplayer and a coach
to lead the Hornets into victory.

"As a player, I understand the position of quarterback and to beable to teach it
can help, Especially with the younger guys we havein the program with little or
no experience to get them tounderstand the game a little bit better," Peterson
said.

He said quarterback development will be important because theoffense will work
through them.

"The offense will be quick and up-tempo and really, reallyquarterback friendly,"
he said.

Hornet quarterback Garrett Safron said the players are excitedto have Peterson
on the team.

"The team thinks this is a great move on our part and they arejust as excited as
I am to see what he is going to bring to thetable," Safron said. "We're all very
excited about the decision tobring in an offensive coordinator."

Peterson's track record coaching quarterbacks has Safronmotivated to learn.

"Reading defenses and understanding how to manage a footballgame and be
successful throughout the game," are some of the thingsSafron said he expects to
learn from the new coach.

When asked whether fans can expect a pass-heavy offense orrun-heavy, Peterson
said the most important thing was getting theball to the right players.

"(The offense) is something that Coach Sperbeck obviously willhave a big say
in," he said. "What (Sperbeck) sees is the best fitfor the program, whether
that's pass-heavy or run-heavy or 50/50that hasn't been decided yet. Coming in
as offensive coordinator,I'm going to find ways to get playmakers the ball."

Peterson said he plans on seeing the Hornets in high places in the future and
his experience within the conference may payoff.

"To get to the playoffs and win a conference championship, thoseare all goals
that are foreseeable in the near future," he said."There's no question we're
going to be able to compete with thoseteams."

Peterson said this is not a pit stop for his coaching career,but a place he
would like to be for a long time.

"I plan on staying here for as long as Coach Sperbeck will haveme," Peterson
said. "And try and instill the things that I can doto make this team better."

Joe Fleming can be reached atsports@statehornet.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Brock Press: Brock University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Smart Finish! new to Brock

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 680 words


On Feb. 4, Brock will host Smart Finish - a conference designed for third and
fourth-year students - for the first time. Smart Finish is a one day conference
which will address a number of issues concerning graduating students such as
career exploration, resume and interview strategies, further education and OSAP
repayment. Smart Finish was an idea thought of by Career Services who has since
partnered with Student Awards and Financial Aid, Alumni Relations, Business
Career development office and Graduate Studies to bring students this unique
event.

The event will take place in Academic South between 8:30 a.m. and 4:15 p.m. and
is open to all students, not just those in third and fourth-year. Registration
has been extended until Feb. 1 and is available online at
smartfinish.eventbrite.com. Students interested in attending should register as
soon as possible as space is limited.

The conference will start in the morning with Key Note speaker Mark Swartz,
author of "Get Wired, Get Hired!", who will be discussing how to network using
social media such as Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. This will be followed by a
number of workshops mentioned previously that students can attend, as well as an
interactive career board game. Professors from Brock University and Niagara
College will be facilitating the workshops along with a representative from the
National Student Loans Service Centre. Also, Paddi Riopelle, Certified Human
Resources Professional, with over 24 years of experience, will speak.

The "Who Am I?" interactive career board game was developed by the York
University Career Centre in 2007. Participants play through a board game while
gaining insight into their desires, interests, abilities and personality as they
relate to career decision making. At the end, each player has created a Career
Profile which can help them understand themselves as an employee and gain an
idea of what they want out of the working world.

In the afternoon, there will be a Speed Networking activity where students can
practice their networking skills with alumni and industry professionals.
Students will learn the importance of and how to network in a stress-free
environment.

"The vast majority of jobs are found through somebody that the student knows,"
said Amy Elder, Director of Career Services.

This will also be an opportunity to use some of the 20 personalized business
cards included in the orientation package which will include the participant's
name, program, anticipated date of graduation and E-mail address. Afterward,
there will be a panel of alumni and employers who will be answering questions
and discussing their industry experience and interview tips. Finally, there will
be a vendor fair with information being provided by each Faculty.

"There will be a table for each Faculty with information about 'where do I go
from here' and 'what do I do with my degree'," said Elder.

When designing this new conference, Career Services surveyed students to find
out what they were looking for during this unique event.

"We've tried to make the programming fit what the majority of the students in
the survey wanted," said Elder.

After the event, Career Services will be surveying both students and
facilitators asking for feedback on how to improve this new event in following
years.

Career Services also provides a number of other services to help prepare
students for the working world. Career Services offers a number of online
resources including workshops for resume and interview strategies, job searching
and more. There is also a practice interview program, InterviewStream, which
allows students to run a mock interview in front of a Web cam, so they may
analyse themselves and their responses afterward. As well, students can schedule
a facilitated workshop for themselves and a group of friends. Finally, Career
Services' resource centre is open for students to drop-in to work on resumes,
cover letters or to ask advice.

For more information about Smart Finish or other services provided by Career
Services, please visit brocku.ca/career-services/students-alumni.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              The Collegian: California State University - Fresno

                           January 18, 2012 Wednesday

Calif. budget crisis may lead to more cuts

BYLINE: Stephen Keleher

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 544 words



President Welty addressed faculty and staff last
Wednesday about the current budget crises and how
it will pan out in the coming fiscal year.
Esteban Cortez / The Collegian

In front of the Spring Assembly for faculty and staff, Fresno State President
John Welty spent nearly an hour last Wednesday outlining the stark realities
facing the university in light of yet another round of cuts to the education
budget made by the California Legislature and Gov. Jerry Brown.

The university would lose $11 million in the 2012-13 year if Gov. Jerry Brown's
proposed tax-increase ballot measures fail to pass in November.

Welty told the assembly that during the past three-and-a-half years, state
funding to the CSU system declined sharply, forcing austerity measures and
tuition and fee increases. Funding to Fresno State alone is down $47.6 million
since 2008. These cuts have forced his administration to reduce faculty and
staff by 300 members with corresponding reductions to time devoted to student
advising, tutoring and career services. He reminded the assembled faculty and
staff that pay rates had been frozen since 2007.

Welty highlighted the drastic increases students and their parents have to
overcome, pointing out that when he first came to Fresno State almost 20 years
ago, only 4 percent of the college budget was funded by tuition, but now 49
percent of the budget is funded by students.

After warning of possible cuts to Pell Grant funding by the federal government,
Welty moved on to the cuts Brown had announced just before the holiday break due
to state tax revenue shortfalls, but said that the statewide undergraduate
tuition fee increase of $500 million set for fall 2012 should just barely cover
the cuts.

When asked to comment on the contrast between the state education budget versus
what is budgeted for prisons, Welty said: "...it is a travesty that the amount
of reduction that occurred this year in the prison system [budget] was actually
in the neighborhood of, I believe, $30 million compared to $100 million for the
California University system [budget]. Give me a break.

"I think that it is a tragedy, when the amount our state invests in prisons
exceeds the amount it invests in public higher education," he added.

Brown's 2012-13 budget allots the lowest amount to CSUs in 15 years, yet CSUs
enroll 95,000 more students today than in 1997.

However, even this lowered budget could be lowered further causing a shortfall
of $11 million if the tax increase on the ballot in November is not approved by
California voters. Not knowing how much funding the state will provide leaves
school officials with a dilemma, Welty explained.

The university's base budget has to be set months earlier, before the fall
semester that starts the 2012-13 school year begins.

"We will have to be creative, the more creative we can be, the better we can
serve our students," Welty replied, when asked how the university would manage
this contingency.

In concluding comments, Welty made a plea to the assembled to vote for the
upcoming ballot initiatives that will "directly impact our future," a plea he
repeated afterward during a news conference when asked what students can do to
combat higher costs.

"Vote. It's time for us to stand up for higher education," Welty said.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              Daily Bruin: University of California - Los Angeles

                            January 27, 2012 Friday

Women's tennis to host ITA Kick-Off Weekend

BYLINE: Emilio Ronquillo

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 473 words


The women's tennis team went soul-searching 11 months ago. UCLA exited the ITA
National Team Indoor Championships without advancing a single round. After
jumping out to a 3-2 lead, the Bruins lost their final two matches in three
sets, falling to the underdog Clemson Tigers 4-3. Sitting at 7-4, the team
sought direction by turning inward.

"After Indoors, we were all really upset and disappointed with ourselves. So, we
called a team dinner and talked about it," senior McCall Jones said. "(We) made
goals for one another and told (each other) that we needed to be accountable. It
gave each of us a goal to accomplish for NCAAs." The squad's response to the
gut-wrenching loss sparked wins in 12 of 13 matches during the months of March
and April, and the momentum saw UCLA through to the NCAA Tournament's Final
Four. It is just the start of the 2012 dual-match season, but No. 4 UCLA still
does not have to look very far to find itself. Today through Saturday, the
Bruins will be one of 15 schools hosting ITA Kick-Off Weekend for women's
tennis, an event featuring four-team tournaments across the nation. The winner
of a Kick-Off Weekend tournament earns a spot in the ITA National Team Indoor
Championships in Virginia, held Feb. 10-13. UCLA earned the right to host a
Kick-Off tournament by virtue of its final ranking as the No. 5 team in the
couny last season. The Bruins' journey back to Virginia starts with No. 49 Utah.
The winner of that match will face either No. 25 Oklahoma or No. 41 St. Mary's
on Saturday.UCLA coach Stella Sampras Webster faces a challenge in selecting her
tennis lineup, thanks to a combination of promising freshmen and injuries to
sophomore Courtney Dolehide and senior Carling Seguso."We're limited with the
injuries we have, but we're going to figure out who's gonna be in that top six,"
Sampras Webster said. "We've got eight great players, and the freshmen are going
to have to earn it; they know that the returners have won a lot for us."The Utes
have little history playing against the Bruins, as this year marks the first
tennis season of the new Pac-12. Only one top 100 singles player, No. 90
Anastasia Putilina, is on Utah's team and four Bruins rank higher than her.
Under two-time reigning Mountain West Conference Coach of the Year Mat Iandolo,
however, Utah seems to be a program on the rise. The school enters the season
with two saight NCAA Tournament appearances. The lack of familiarity with a new
conference opponent has not affected Sampras Webster's preparation, as she
emphasizes to players the importance of looking no further than themselves. "Not
knowing them, we'll research what they've done in the past. So we're gonna
prepare like we would any match. I always tell the team to expect a tough match:
If it's not, great, but if it is ... you're prepared for it," she said.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                           The Post: Ohio University

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

Post Letter: Obama far from supporting the 'American dream'

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 778 words


As stirring, patriotic and admirable as Richard E. Newell's Wednesday letter,
"Supporting Obama continues the American Dream," was, I'm afraid he neglected a
few of Barack Obama's accomplishments. So as not to underestimate the president,
we write a modest addition.

Under former President George W. Bush's tenure, we invaded Afghanistan and Iraq
and bombed Pakistan. President Obama saw the folly in this; he corrected Bush's
shortcomings by increasing drone strikes in Pakistan (from 42 under Bush to 243
under Obama, according to the New America Foundation), bombing Libya, Yemen and
Somalia and sending 100 U.S. soldiers to Uganda last October.

Obama has expanded executive power to a greater extent than former President
Bush dared; now, an American president can order the assassination of American
citizens suspected of terrorism.

Obama reauthorized the Patriot Act and signed into law the National Defense
Authorization Act, which allows indefinite detention of America citizens
suspected of any crime that a president deems an act of terror. Guantanamo Bay
remains open, and Obama continues to support warrantless wiretapping.
Let us now, however, focus on issues outside expanded executive power and
civil-liberties violations. (Besides, the civil-liberties violations threaten
only bad people, so why should anyone care?)

Surely, after the financial crisis, Obama has led the charge against
corporatism. Sadly, Obama is no less corporatist than the Republicans, although
his rhetoric differs.

According to OpenSecrets.org, his top contributors include Goldman Sachs,
Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley. Obama's replacement for chief of
staff when William Daley departed to co-chair Obama's re-election campaign (a
former Midwestern chairman of JPMorgan) is Jacob Lew, a former high-level
Citigroup official.

For a more comprehensive list of Obama's connections with Wall Street, see "9
Wall Street Executives who Cashed in on the Boom - and the Bust" on Mother
Jones.

Possibly the most harmful domestic policy on minority groups, the war on drugs,
has been unflaggingly executed by Obama. The Department of Justice continues to
raid and prosecute medical marijuana shops in California, for instance, even
when they are legal under state law.

But wait!

Surely on immigration, Obama is more compassionate than previous
administrations. If only.

Until last September, the Obama Administration has seen 1.06 million illegal
immigrants deported. The Bush Administration oversaw 1.57 million deportations;
in two-and-a-half years, Obama has almost topped Bush's record during eight.

At least the Obama administration "is seen as the most transparent and
corrupt-free since the Clinton Administration." What a difficult feat that would
be, but, shockingly, it's a completely inane opinion. The administration's use
of the state-secrets privilege to block the release of documents, to halt court
review of warrantless wiretapping and to refuse to provide details of its drone
strike program in Pakistan only begins to exhibit the flagrant disregard for
government transparency.

The shameful treatment of Bradley Manning and the response to WikiLeaks have
been embarrassments to the allegedly transparent administration. Apparently, in
the modern American tradition, the protection of whistleblowers and government
accountability represent an unwelcome nomad.

The great democratic socialist George Orwell wrote: "At any given moment there
is an orthodoxy, a body of ideas which it is assumed all right-thinking people
will accept without question. It is not exactly forbidden to state this or that
or the other, but it is 'not done'... Anyone who challenges the prevailing
orthodoxy finds himself silenced with surprising effectiveness. A genuinely
unfashionable opinion is almost never given a fair hearing, either in the
popular press or in the highbrow periodicals."

We cannot speak for Mr. Newell, but our American dream isn't recognizable in a
president who shows abominable disregard for civil liberties, peace, limited
government, the poor and government transparency.

What an absurdity to think that any non-partisan liberal, libertarian and
conservative could support Obama. If we desire any sort of liberty, equality and
prosperity, our moral standards prevent us from campaigning for a continuation
of undeclared and endless war, corporatism, civil-liberties violations, racist
domestic policies, ignorant immigration policies and executive secrecy.

Anthony Hennen is a senior studying journalism and a copy editor forThe Post;
Chase Peterson-Withorn is a sophomore studying political science; Nathan Kelly
is a junior studying integrated language arts education.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Commuter: Linn-Benton Community College

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Neeson in "The Grey"

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 517 words


Liam Neeson is back in "The Grey," and this time leading a group of down and out
oil workers through the depths of hell as they try and survive a plane crash in
the middle of Alaska.

Neeson is in the midst of a three year run of lead roles portraying him as a
badass-take-no-prisoners-character that would make Chuck Norris weep. Most will
remember his role in "Taken" a film that no doubt ruined most teenager girl's
chances of ever going to Europe alone.

"The Grey" was directed by Joe Carnahan who first teamed up with Neeson when he
directed "The A-Team," where Neeson played "Hannibal."

In the film Neeson plays a professional hunter paid by the oil companies to
shoot off the computer enhanced wolves that make the "Twilight" wolves look like
cartoon characters from Adult Swim. Neeson is sent out with a team on a small
plane which is no match for the Alaskan weather and crashes in the middle of
nowhere.

The grungy survivors are left for dead when Neeson decides to lead the
roughnecks in journey for survival. The weather and wolves provide all the
suspense you need as the men are ultimately pitted into an all-out predator vs.
man adventure.

"I was scared and on the edge of my seat the whole time hoping they would make
it out alive, I don't want to see another wolf again" said Kandis Snyder as she
was walking out of the theatre after seeing "The Grey."

The Grey | Rated: R | 1hr. 57 min.

The film is intense, even with the simple plot that we've all seen before
Neeson's character gives the film an emotional and tough guy appeal.

Rotten Tomatoes a popular film review website said this about the film; "The
Grey is an exciting tale of survival, populated with fleshed-out characters and
a surprising philosophical agenda."

As with any film that portrays dead animal carcasses and man vs. beast battles
this one also comes with a bit of controversy. On Jan. 19 The Province featured
an article about the movie buying four wolf carcasses from a local trapper, two
for props and two for the cast to eat. It didn't take long for groups like PETA
and WildEarth Guardians to start drives to boycott the film.

Open Road (film's production company) responded by placing a fact sheet about
the gray wolf on the film's official website. Carnahan has responded by
downplaying the significance of the violent wolves portrayed in the film,
instead highlighting the significance of man's interior struggle for survival.

Amazingly, the film took just 40 days to film and is based on the short story
"Ghost Walker" by Ian Mackenzie Jeffers.

The film is worth the watch especially on the big screen on a dark wintery
night. There are plenty of twists and even a little religious controversy
throughout the film. Each character brings a special piece to the film that
brings the audience into the film on a personal level.

As far as an R rated film goes "The Grey" lives up to the rating. There's plenty
of gore and language the lets the film live up to its rating. With the Oscars
around the corner there will be plenty of buzz on other films, but this one is
worth getting out to see while it's still on the big screen.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              Daily Bruin: University of California - Los Angeles

                            January 27, 2012 Friday

PRIMARY DEBATES: Hold your Applause

BYLINE: mary clark

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 369 words


The last four Republican presidential candidates have had plenty of
opportunities to make their voices heard in recent debates, but Newt Gingrich is
concerned that his debate audiences are being stifled.During Monday night's
Republican primary debate in Florida on NBC, host Brian Williams asked the
audience to hold its applause until commercial breaks.What seemed like a simple
request by the news station to eliminate long periods of applause that interrupt
the speaker and slow down the debate was interpreted by Gingrich as an attack on
the audience's First Amendment rights.He said Tuesday on Fox News Channel that
the request was aimed directly at his supporters, highlighting his reliance on
audience participation to appear dominant during debates.Much of Gingrich's
debate sategy involves delivering biting responses to moderator's questions he
deems inappropriate or cheap. These attacks are usually met with rounds of
cheering and applause.Outbursts such as these during debates effectively silence
the debaters and moderators, turning what should be a reasonable discussion into
a contest over who can make the most noise.But this applause, Gingrich said, is
an expression of the audience's First Amendment right to free speech, adding
that the media is ying to silence those who disagree with it.Gingrich might not
just be worried about the audience's rights. Anyone who has watched a debate can
see that applause is a crucial aspect of his expressive debating style "" his
cutting retorts sound awkward when met with silence.Gingrich said he plans to
boycott any primary debate in which the audience is not permitted to cheer, but
if he becomes the Republican nominee, he will have to face off against President
Obama in debates that have historically prohibited audience applause.It is hard
to imagine heckling in a presidential debate, and the primary debates should be
no different.

Candidates should be able to hold their own on stage without cheers and heckling
from the audience.Debates don't need to sound like football games for audiences
to be heard. There is a ballot box for that.Email Clark at mclark@media.ucla.edu
Send general comments to opinion@media.ucla.edu or tweet at us @DBopinion.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                             The Peak: Simon Fraser

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Don't be a part of partisanism

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 536 words


By Gustavo Destro
The term 'partisan politics' has been a staple of the public lexicon for several
decades now; it refers to people who would rather have the government screech to
a halt than budge from the beliefs they championed. For a long time such men and
women were few and far between. They were the radicals, the fringe of every
party, ultimately drowned out by moderates. Regular people did not have a
favourable view of such a candidate and they would hardly reach high offices.
Not so in the 21st century.

Nowadays we live with constant reminders of how fractionalized the democratic
system is. From a Republican-controlled American Congress that will only pass a
bill that won't have any benefit for Democrats, to constant attacks in Canada
against the Harper government, to an increasingly disruptive discourse in places
such as France and the U.K. over the most minute of political issues.

The worst part of it all is that the very people to blame for all of this are
not only the politicians that sling mud across the aisle at each other, but also
the people who elect them. Because sometime in the last 20 years, the general
electorate took a turn to the bizarre, when we started feeding off of grandiose
statements and declarations of faith to the core of the party, sanity be damned;
when we started demanding our elected officials to do what is best for 'me' and
not the collective; when we decided that we would no longer listen to the 'other
side' because they were always wrong and could not be dealt with. Politics has
put one side against the other as if the 'enemy' worked for the devil himself,
it has turned into something akin to a 17th century religious war, just short of
grabbing an axe and a shield.

More bizzare is the fact that this has all come with the explosion of news media
and social interaction, which a sane person would assume would make for a better
political discourse, since all sides would have the ability to see how each
other thought and find a common ground that would benefit all to the greatest
extent possible. Not so.

Now I can sit in my living room and watch Fox News, Sun News, and read the
National Post and will firmly believe that Obama is a socialist, Jim Flaherty is
the coolest dude alive, and the Liberal Party is dead, and I would believe I'm
right because three publications agreed. Or maybe I could watch the CBC, MSNBC,
and read the Globe and Mail and will just as likely be convinced that Harper is
an arts-hating devil-man, the oil sands are actually 'tar' sands, and we should
raise taxes. Again, who would tell me I'm wrong?

People always want to be right, and when they have the information in the palm
of their hands confirming that they are, everything that goes against it must be
wrong. But it's about time everyone swallowed their egos and dropped the
bickering, or else we won't go much further. It's time to understand that both
the Tea Party and the Occupy movements have legitimate grievances, that both
raising and lowering taxes could help the economy, and that the oil sands could
be a good thing but that there are also risks that should be taken care of.
Let's find some common ground, or soon enough we'll all be going for those axes.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The University News: Saint Louis University

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

SLU Ride policy takes a gamble

BYLINE: Stephanie Woods

SECTION: OPED; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 625 words


Starla Salazar / Illustrator

Stranded, alone, cold and ready for bed. We have all been there. A go-to
solution previously was to call SLU Ride to get chauffeured across campus after
the sun goes down and when the thought of crossing Grand Boulevard is
terrifying. Whether the request is a matter of safety or trying to escape
inclement weather, SLU Ride used to be a dependable source for traveling from
Reinert Hall to the Lindell West Apartments without dilemma. Not anymore.

Upon calling 314-977-RIDE, the dispatcher will ask your name, phone number,
location, destination and the number of riders. Beware, they will almost
immediately offer you a walking escort instead of a van if you mention there is
even one other person with you. Never mind that the callers could be two girls
weighing a combined 210 pounds and could not defend themselves from a
blindfolded toddler. Would an armed and dangerous criminal truly be deterred
from approaching a group of three students if he knew he could restrain two of
them with his left arm?

What are the requirements for these walking escorts anyway? The online
Department of Public Safety and Security Services Student Employment Application
does not require that the applicant list his/her height, weight or ability to
protect defenseless girls. Furthermore, what about the safety of the walking
escort after he or she drops off the student in need?

It is quite troubling that a SLU Ride dispatcher would consider the distance
between Vandeventer Apartments and The Flats a "short distance." It is
completely in their power to judge whether or not the student calling for help
even warrants a ride. It is up to her if she would rather send the caller a
walking escort. Based on these varying and subjective judgments, calling in is
more like entering a SLU Ride lottery, and only few will be lucky enough to sit
in the bucket seat of a mint-condition, University-owned minivan.

Even if an unoccupied SLU Ride vehicle is hailed down on Laclede Street after
midnight, the driver follows policy over ethics when denying a cold, stumbling,
lonely girl a ride across campus. Where is the line drawn for safety?

If you are lucky enough, you might even encounter a knight in shining armor, or
at least a DPSSS officer in reflective gear. It is normal to be deterred from
flagging down a man wearing a ski mask in the night, but in this case, make an
exception. He could be your ticket to safety.

If SLU Ride is not able to comply with your needs, DPSSS is another - and an
even more reliable - alternative to arrive to the destination in one piece.
Avoid any and all reckless college decisions until the number 314-977-3000 is
programmed into your phone.

It is also a gamble whether or not the ride in the van will prove to actually be
safer than walking alone in the night. Whether the driver is texting at red
lights, taking sharp turns a little too quickly or just rocking out to Katy
Perry, it is natural to wonder what kind of test they have to pass in order to
be accepted as a driver.

We have a diminishing "student taxi service" that recently changed its policy
for the worse. It used to be a breeze catching a ride late night, but now, for
unknown reasons, the dispatchers feel far more entitled not to send a van. Is it
really necessary to punish lazy students at the risk of putting their safety in
jeopardy?

My suggestion would be to hire more students, acquire another van or even invest
in several golf carts. If a walking escort is absolutely necessary, I request
that he is a doppelganger of the young Hulk Hogan.

Please note that the number is not 977-RIDE to imply that you will ride
piggyback to your destination if a walking escort is sent.

Stephanie Woods is a junior in the John Cook School of Business.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                          The Grizzly: Ursinus College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Graduating Athletes Focus on Healthier Lifestyle

SECTION: NEWS SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1793 words


A few months ago, eight years of lifting, running, gaining weight (keeping it
on) and the "Noebels Meal Plan" came to an end for me on a Saturday afternoon
with the final whistle of my last college football game.

Like all 100 or so of my teammates, who had been grinding steadily toward the
inevitable offseason, the time
to regroup and focus on the weight room for the next season was there.

But for 26 seniors, what comes next?

For some in particular, the challenge of reversing that formula for size and
mass we've been following for years lies ahead.

Having more mass than your opponent, for obvious reasons, is a desirable thing
in the trenches.

Would you rather have to run your body through someone who weighs 185 pounds or
someone who's earned membership in what we've dubbed the "Tré Bills Club," -
eclipsing 300 pounds?
Like any coach will tell you, it all starts up front, but only if that front is
vicious, smart, quick and, of course, big.

I started my career as an offensive lineman for Ursinus weighing less than 230
pounds. I tipped the scales after my junior year at 293 pounds, the most I ever
remember weighing.

At 6 feet 3 inches tall, I'm one of the tallest, but nowhere close to being the
heaviest. It was hard to play offensive line the first two years of college
simply because most defensive linemen outweighed me. What resulted from the
glaring lack of mass on my frame was the institution of the "Wismer (or as my
teammates called it, the "Noebels") Meal Plan".

You go into the dining hall, eat until you hurt, then eat again, as much as
possible, repeat, and drink "liquid meat," also known as whole milk - a
half-gallon every day.

And before you know it, there we are-20, 40, or in my case 70 pounds heavier
than when we started, just a few years ago.

And it was worth it.

Our offensive line ranked highly this past season in sacks allowed, our running
backs' yards per carry was well above average, and we won the time of possession
battle more often than not.

That does not happen with skinny linemen.

If you want to live the dream and be part of a physical and feared line, you
have just got to be big.

The fact that, at age 19, I had become pre-hypertensive and had no other choice
than to buy a completely new wardrobe has not bothered me until now.

A new body is what I want and is what former players have begun to find, for
better or worse.

"I was never really too worried during my playing days about how my body would
be when I was done playing," said former lineman Bob Wise, who weighed close to
300 pounds his senior year. "When I was playing I was in the best shape of my
life. Despite being technically 'morbidly obese' on the charts, I was in great
health so I never really thought about how my life would be after my playing
days."

Like Bob, I was never worried about what I could become after I was done either.

With the hours and hours of practice each week during the season and all the
training the other nine months of the year, most football players can eat
whatever they want. The hard part is learning how to not eat the same way after
you've played your last game.

Fortunately for Wise, the transition came easily.

"When I played I would eat three plates of food at every meal but never worried
because I was always immediately burning it off," he said. "Not eating that much
anymore was very difficult at first because I was so accustomed to it, but it's
gotten easier with time."

In his fifth year as an Athletic Trainer for Ursinus, Akinori Kashiwagi has seen
two whole classes of collegiate football players through their careers.

After his first season specifically with the football team, he fears that the
physical activity of the sport is the only thing saving linemen from a risky
life of obesity and other health-related issues after their four years.

"I always worry about the graduating players," Kashiwagi said. "Year by year the
people coming back are bigger and bigger, especially junior year, senior year. I
worry because after they graduate they are out of control."

The combination of college eating and alcohol has turned more than a few young
men into unhealthy individuals, he said.

He believes it comes down to what his athletes choose to eat and how much of it
when they step into Wismer.

"The best way to adjust your eating habits after you're done playing is to
realize that you have to expend more calories than you take in. Instead of two
or three plates a meal, substitute one of them with something lighter like
fruit. I also think it's a good idea not to eat after 8 or 9 p.m. because it's
just going to sit in your stomach and you can't expend those calories,"
Kashiwagi said.

What Ursinus does not have for its athletic programs that major universities do
is some type of program to help its athletes eat and maintain their bodies both
effectively and healthily.

Even fall athletes who don't participate in a spring sport their last semester
could use the color-coded system that schools like the University of Nebraska
have installed in the dining hall. Foods labeled "green" are to be eaten often,
"yellow" not so much and "red" sparingly.

So what happens to a 300-pound lineman like me after he plays his last season
and goes home for all the holiday parties and home-cooked meals and returns in
the spring to his first semester as a student and not a student-athlete?

He can either take action right away, as Head Athletic Trainer and nutrition
professor Pam Chlad suggests, or he can procrastinate and hope for the best.

"I don't think that we have spent a lot of time talking to linemen post-season,"
said Chlad. "We should have some type of exit interviews that would address
blood pressure, weight management and doing your body composition. We would do a
diet analysis and look at how many calories you take in per day, the percentage
of carbohydrates, proteins and fats, and from there we would guide you on where
improvements need to be made."

Chlad does not think that the size of Ursinus or the cost of instituting a body
management program has affected the school's ability to provide such a plan.

"I don't think we recognized the need to assist players with the transition. We
assumed that they were able to manage their own care," said Chlad, acknowledging
the benefits of providing student-athletes with this kind of assistance. "I do
think we have a responsibility to offer some type of postseason education to
players. We have evaluated their medical needs each season prior to playing but
have forgotten about the new challenges they face . . . when they are finished
playing."

The issue of cost is irrelevant, she said, because she does not think the school
would have to hire any counselors, coaches or other types of professionals.

Even with those student-athletes who are not Exercise and Sport Science majors,
who would therefore have "little to no access to the knowledge set of an ESS
student," she feels her staff to be well-trained and able to help graduating
athletes.

"We need to prevent future lifestyle illnesses [that] begin to develop in this
age group," said Chlad. "We can't be a liberal arts college if we don't address
our physical well being as well as our intellectual growth."

Help from people like Chlad and her staff would focus on all athletes, not
solely linemen.

Who is to say that only the big athletes on campus struggle with weight-related
issues during and after their careers?

What do a 300-pound lineman like me and a 133-pound wrestler like Ursinus' Alex
Blank have in common? To start, both experience a fair amount of anxiety about
our bodies.

Blank has wrestled for over 14 years and cannot remember a time when a scale was
not in his room or easily accessible at all times.

"Wrestling has played a major role in my growth and development as a person,"
said Blank. "I have been in the position where I cut too much weight which
hindered my performance, and been at weight classes that were too high and was
not able to hang with bigger opponents."

He admits that his workout regiment and diet will not be kept so "neurotically"
cautious after his last match but that it will be tough to change.

"The idea that I am currently in the best shape of my life is really
demoralizing," said Blank. "In fact it is my greatest fear that in 20 years I
will be some fat, out-of-shape slob."

After struggling with eating disorders which he admits could somehow be traced
back to the sport, he says anyone "can see that the idea of being permanently
'heavier' still pulls on those inner demons which [he faces] every day."

His goal for the future, therefore, is to keep dieting and exercising the ways
he has but also to let himself enjoy Thanksgiving and the holidays without any
guilt or regret.

Even with help, change can not happen if you don't evaluate what you're doing,
said Chlad about the possibility of a body management program.

The other major problem besides adapting to a new diet structure that linemen
face when they want to lose weight is the exercise, mainly because it's not the
exercise they've done 12 months a year for their entire careers.

The nature of the position requires a lineman to move a few yards at a time, as
quick as possible; save the long touchdown runs for the small guys.

And the nature of the game of football is such that one becomes accustomed to
starting and stopping, exerting sudden bursts of speed before the whistle blows
and the 40-second play clock starts again allowing you to catch your breath in
the huddle.

"You've been doing so much strength training that we should get back to teaching
you how to do more aerobic activities to get your weight and blood pressure
down," Chlad said.

A group of players - myself included - have been on blood pressure watch for
years.

And although I've been to specialists and have been prescribed medication for
it, there are others who have missed weeks of playing simply because their blood
pressure is too high for them to safely participate in physical activity.

Others have had to wear automatically inflating cuffs 24 hours a day so that the
training staff can record their data.

Awareness is what it comes down to - making the right choices and enjoying the
game while you can.

Few people can say they were a lineman at the collegiate level.

Even fewer look like they were never a "hog" at all.

James Noebels
Senior Staff Writer
janoebels@ursinus.edu

Share:

Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in
new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Share on Facebook
(Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to
share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new
window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr
(Opens in new window)

Like this:

Like Loading...

Related

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         The Tartan: Radford University

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

Phi Alpha Delta prepares students for career in law

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 486 words


Jennifer Wernerjwerner2@radford.eduRelatively new to the Radford University
campus, law fraternity Phi Alpha Delta is helping pave the way for future
lawyers.Unlike most fraternities, whether academic, service based, or social,
there is not a pledge process. There is simply an oath stated and an initiation
night.

There are no bigs or littles, but instead a group of 14 like-minded individuals
siving to learn more about the judicial system.As the smallest chapter in
southwest VA, Radford's law fraternity is planning a mock ial to prepare
students for life in a court room. Active members will sit in and act as if
partaking in a live court case. One student will act as the presiding judge,
while others act as a defense attorney, prosecutor, defendant, jury, and, if
necessary, a witness.In mid-February, there will be a panel of three or four
lawyers discussing different cases and what they did to get into law school.
There will be a question and answer session that will allow fraternity members
to gain insight into what they need to know before applying to a law
school.Recently, Phi Alpha Delta had a community service project at the Ronald
McDonald House in Roanoke to host a dinner for the families of cancer patients.
The Ronald McDonald House provided the food and shelter for the families.
However, PAD expressed their culinary skills as they cooked and served the food.
One of the main goals for PAD is to continue their work with the Ronald McDonald
House and make a more conscious effort of helping those in need.They have made a
motion, according to RU senior and PAD member, Brooke Embree, to collect soda
tabs for the Ronald McDonald House which will later be recycled and used to
raise money."Another goal of ours is to go to Carillion in Roanoke and read to
children for an hour or two to let them know that people care. Also, we are
planning more ips to the Ronald McDonald house," said Embree.There are benefits
of being in the fraternity. Members receive a small discount on their LSATS.
William and Mary is just one of the schools that wave the application fee for
students in PAD who are applying to law school."I have considered going to law
school after I get my MBA. There is a sports and entertainment part of law.
There are different cases like O.J. Simpson. There is also sports litigation. I
would like to handle those kind of cases," said Embree, "If anyone is interested
in law, PAD is a way to evaluate yourself and to see where you fit and whether
law is something you want to go into. You definitely have to have the skin for
it. It's a tough work load and it has to be something you're passionate
about."If you're really interested in pursuing it then this is a definite step
in your academic career both at Radford and in law school. It also looks really
good on an application and shows that you're passionate about law, not just
applying to law school randomly," said Embree.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                Badger Herald: University of Wisconsin - Madison

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday

Erickson: Badgers can't overcome special teams woes

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 864 words


Consistency is an idea that seems to have thwarted the Wisconsin men's hockey
team this season.

Heading into this weekend's series at North Dakota, the Badgers were on a 5-1
roll and could not have appeared more confident about their game. But as
Wisconsin's road woes continued, the team returned home without any points on
the weekend - something it vitally needed in the hope of hosting the first round
of the WCHA playoffs.

While a 5-3 loss Friday night and a 4-2 loss Saturday night simply didn't add up
to the success UW was searching for, the series certainly had its positive
moments - along with its downright abysmal aspects.

The Good

Despite UND's nine goals this weekend - one of which was an empty-netter -
freshman goaltender Joel Rumpel continued to show exactly why he's become head
coach Mike Eaves' No. 1 guy.

Adding to his 20 saves Friday night, Rumpel staved off 37 shots Saturday night
for a weekend total of 57 saves.

But even as Rumpel was unable to stop the puck on occasion, the Badgers were
able to hang in with UND for the majority of the game, both nights.

Friday night, North Dakota capitalized early, going up 2-0 before five minutes
had even gone by. But sophomore forwards Michael Mersch and Keegan Meuer evened
the tally at two all before the first intermission. The second period followed
suit, and the game entered the third period tied 3-3 with the looming feeling
that whoever would score first would go home with the victory.

And that's exactly what happened - but not until under two minutes were left in
the game.

At the 18:06 mark, UND's Stephane Pattyn scored his first goal of the season -
on his 21st birthday no less-to give his team the lead. The Badgers would skate
with an empty net in the attempt to push things into overtime. But junior
forward Brock Nelson would dribble in an empty-netter, giving North Dakota the
5-3 win.

Saturday night was a similar affair, as UND took a 1-0 lead with one minute left
in the first period, only to see things tied up 10 seconds later by yet another
Keegan Meuer goal.

The trend would continue through the second, until North Dakota took a 3-2 lead
with five minutes left till the second intermission and wouldn't let it go.

The Badgers stayed resilient, they found ways to score and ultimately created
opportunities give them a chance to win.

"We did a lot of good things, but not enough to get us wins, and that's the
final measuring line," Eaves told the Wisconsin State Journal's Andy Baggot.

The Bad

While they found ways to score and stayed resilient, the Badgers simply didn't
stay consistent.

On Friday night the Badgers' starting line, which contains their best players -
defensemen Justin Schultz and Frankie Simonelli, and forwards Joseph LaBate,
Mark Zengerle and Tyler Barnes - all ended at least minus-1 on the night.
Zengerle, their top offensive power, finished minus-2.

The main reason: The Badgers weren't generating enough shots on net consistently
and seemed to try and rush things, making poor decisions - which ended in costly
turnovers.

Through the first two periods, Wisconsin had 14 shots on goal to North Dakota's
16. In the third, UW only managed a miniscule three shots on goal to UND's nine.

Saturday night, North Dakota's offense was cruising with a total of 41 shots on
goal. Wisconsin only managed about half of that with 22. North Dakota's defense
wasn't extremely overwhelming; the Badgers just simply weren't making
consistently smart, mature decisions with the puck.

Earlier in the week, Eaves spoke about needing to see his team continue to
mature and to stay disciplined.

In Wisconsin's last two conference series - last weekend against
Alaska-Anchorage and the weekend before at Minnesota State - the Badgers
averaged 4.5 penalties per game, for an average of nine minutes in the sin bin.

At UND, UW took six penalties each night, skating a man down for 12 minutes in
each game.

The Straight-up Atrocious

Those minutes in the penalty box led to one of UW's weakest special team's
performances this season.

Wisconsin struggled on the penalty kill, which consistently gave North Dakota
momentum. North Dakota had nine power plays on the weekend and managed to
capitalize on three of them.

The Badgers on the other hand, only notched one power play goal on seven
opportunities.

Overall this season, the Badgers are 75.5 percent on the penalty kill - worst in
the WCHA.

While that certainly needs improvement, the Badgers are an abysmal 21.1 percent
on the power play - No. 9 in the WCHA (hmm fancy that, Wisconsin sits in ninth
place in the conference standings too).

Wisconsin has to stay as resilient offensively as it was this weekend, but it
will not make it far into the post season if it's special teams play doesn't
improve.

The road series undoubtedly took a toll on the Badgers post-season hopes for
home ice, but they remain confident that they can still pull things together, as
Meuer explained to Baggot after Saturday night's game.

"It may derail our goal of home ice for the playoffs, but it's not going to
derail the season."

Kelly is a junior majoring in journalism. Think the Badgers still have a shot at
making something more out of their season? Send her a tweet @kellymerickson.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                           The Post: Ohio University

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday

Between the Lines: Cancer scare turns into stressful waiting game

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 729 words


"You may want to consider getting these lumps removed as they might be
cancerous," my doctor suggested to me as I sat on the edge of my seat in his
brightly lit examination room.

"But, I'd rather prescribe an antibiotic and have you wait it out and see me in
about a month," he said, while he scribbled some medical jargon on his
clipboard.

I continued to sit there in his office, motionless and shocked beyond words.

"Could I really have cancer?" I asked myself. "It can't be, I'm only 19 years
old and I have my whole life ahead of me," I subconsciously argued back and
forth. My world began to spin just like it did the day before when I actually
found the pea-sized lump on the left side of my groin.

The next day I went back to Athens and pretended like everything was OK, even
though I was an absolute wreck on the inside. I decided not to say anything to
anybody at first and just continued my daily routine of going to class and
writing forThe Post.

After a prolonged 12 days of waiting, I had a follow-up appointment. I knew the
doctor wouldn't like what I was about to tell him.

"My enlarged lymph node didn't react at all to the antibiotic. It actually got
larger and now I have two more," I said.

My doctor then told me to see him again after I finish up the quarter for
school. I couldn't believe it. He wanted me to wait even longer and just let
these lumps just hang out in my body. I didn't have much of a choice and left
his office with not only lumps in my groin, but with a lump in my throat as
well.

For the next couple of weeks I kept busy and just pretended that the enlarged
lymph nodes weren't there. I was in denial. I acted like I was perfectly fine
and just tried to ignore them and move on with my life at Ohio University.

For a while it actually worked, but each night as I lay in bed, my mind would
race. "How would my friends react if it was cancer?" I thought. "Would people
treat me differently?" I asked myself. My roommate was on the bunk above me and
had no idea what I was going through. Nobody did, except for my family that was
four hours away.

The day of my appointment finally came. I learned that the lumps continued to
grow and I had about ten total - roughly five on each side. The doctor told me
that he'd like me to have surgery to perform a biopsy in one week.

The next seven days were the slowest days of my entire life. I was sick of
waiting and wanted an answer. I needed closure. I tried to spend time with my
friends and family to make the time pass by, but this time I couldn't ignore the
lumps like I had done before.

Surgery day finally arrived and with me being a journalism major, I actually
live-tweeted everything up until I was put under anesthetic. I thought if I
would almost make a game out of it, I could keep my mind clear and stay calm. As
soon as I awoke from surgery I picked up my cell phone and was right back at it.

After surgery I learned that I would have to do even more waiting because the
full results of the biopsy wouldn't be ready for a couple of days.

The day before Christmas Eve I received a phone call from my doctor. My mother
picked up the telephone and listened to what my doctor had to say. She instantly
started to sob hysterically. "Well, I have cancer," I thought to myself as I
watched my mom flail her arms in the air left and right while tears rolled down
her cheeks.

Then she hung up the phone and hugged me. She shouted, "I'm so glad you're OK!"
in between sobs. It turns out I didn't have cancer and my mom was waving her
arms as a gesture that meant the tests were negative for lymphoma, bacteria and
viruses. I still don't know how she expected me to interpret her body language.

As I write this, my lymph nodes are still there on the left side of my groin.
They are the same size as they were when I found them in October. However, there
is a two-inch incision on the right side of my groin where the doctor removed
some of them. The doctor told me that a stimulus must have triggered something
in my body, which caused my lymph nodes to react and swell up.

Even though I am still in a little pain from my surgery and my incision gets
swollen from hiking up Morton Hill, I don't care. I am healthy and cancer-free
and am so glad to be back at OU.

Brandon Carte is a freshman studying journalism and reporter forThe Post. If you
went through a similar experience, email him at bc822010@ohiou.edu

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Gateway: University of Nebraska at Omaha

                             January 9, 2012 Monday

Omaha innovator changed the face of radio

BYLINE: Richard Fowler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1622 words

By Richard Fowler, Contributor

Broadcast radio came to be at the turn of the 20th century. Some mark its
beginning in 1906 and attribute its foundation to Reginald Aubrey Fessenden.
Others claim Charles Herrold began the radio broadcast trade in 1909. Still
others cite Frank Conrad in 1916. These pioneers of radiotelephony and others of
the like enabled the advancement of North American communications, commerce and
entertainment.

Radio fueled the industrial revolution by keeping pace with advances in
production and galvanizing the growing city populations. Modern society as we
know it is rooted primarily in broadcast radio. We have always glorified the
broadcaster and the disk jockey in this country. No matter the size, every city
has its local celebrity on-air personalities.

The innovators of radio embarked upon a new frontier. New recording technologies
made it possible to bring juke joint jazz and blues into listeners' homes. They
developed the concept of programming and invented revolutionary ideas like the
soap opera and game shows.

With radio's advent, news and political commentary were no longer elitist
closed-door affairs or even available only to the literate and informed.
Thousands and eventually millions of regular folk sitting around the fire could
pick up the debate and take it to the factory or the office. Newspapers and
periodicals informed, but seldom entertained. Most turn-of-the-century print
media published slanted reports of a socially inequitable American culture. Long
before television, radio was the medium everyone trusted. Since then there have
been several upheavals in media technology. Is radio still a valid source for
news and entertainment?

According to Damien Montez, an on-air personality at Omaha's Channel 94.1,
broadcast radio is doing just fine. As I sit with him in studio, I see just how
busy he is kept by the constant listener request calls or responses to a call-in
contest. It is the waning weeks of summer and the majority of the requests
coming in are from school age girls and boys. Montez often uses an old machine
called the Shortcut 360 Phone Editor to cut recorded phone calls down to 30
seconds in order to air them. However, during summer, his 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. time
slot is so dominated by 12-year-old girl requests that he refrains. He finds it
has an adverse affect on adult listeners who are either put off by the fact that
they share the musical tastes of 12-year-olds or that their kids are on the
radio requesting songs by Pitbull or Lil' Wayne. That aside, Montez finds some
time to throw me some random facts about the history of Omaha broadcast radio.

First, let me define the parameters and intent of our casual research. Our
concern here is with 'popular' music. This implies the industry of releasing and
tracking only the newest audio recordings by typically new major label artists.
The modern standard for examination of this industry is Billboard Magazine. MTV,
VH1, BET, Disney and their more musically centered offshoots play an important
part in the pop music industry, but pop radio concerns itself almost exclusively
with the Billboard Top 40.

An interesting thing I've heard is that pop radio is an Omaha invention. When I
asked Montez about this historical lore, he had some compelling details to add.
He said that during some refurbishing in the Benson area, his father recovered
memorabilia from a restaurant called Sandy's Escape.

In 1944, Sandy Jackson, who is considered Omaha's first pop disc jockey, got the
chance to do a live one-hour show from 11 p.m. to midnight playing groups like
The Hollies, The Beatles, The Byrds, The Beach Boys and The Mamas and the Papas
on KBON radio. Soon, he added "The Rhythm Inn" in the afternoon, and by 1946, he
was on the air opposite WOWT (Woodmen of the World-TV) star radio host Johnny
Carson.

In 1950, Jackson went to KOWH with "The Sandy Jackson Show," and was with them
until his move to KOIL in the late 1950s. In 1964, Jackson was forced to make a
choice between KOIL and the teen club he was opening. Jackson decided to leave
KOIL and "Sandy's Escape" opened on Dec. 31, 1964.

By 1967, Sandy's Escape was earning national attention like Scene magazine
dubbing Sandy's Escape "the Swingin' Spot in Nebraska." The psychedelic music
movement brought a wilder teen crowd and new problems. In 1969, Sandy's Escape
closed its doors.

The legend Montez tells is that a man named Todd Storz, grandson of Storz
Brewery founder Gottlieb Storz, went to Sandy's Escape and noticed how many
times certain songs would be dialed in on the jukebox and that this music buying
public would be out on the dance floor in full force dancing to the same tunes
over and over. What he saw at Sandy's Escape would influence him to change the
format of his AM radio station to an all-music format. Then he would go on to
buy stations in New Orleans, Kansas City, St. Louis, Miami and more building a
pop music empire.

The truth is, Storz never set foot in Sandy's Escape because he died in April
1964. However, Storz and his father did purchase KOWH Omaha in 1949, and between
then and 1953 programming was reformatted from block programs and network
entertainment shows to all popular hit music. What then, was Storz's inspiration
for this revolution in broadcast media? Was it that in 1949 Storz was a youthful
25-year-old? Had he indeed been a fan of 1490 KBON's pioneer disc jockey Sandy
Jackson? Was he, like his father and grandfather before him, just an exceedingly
shrewd businessman? It might just be a little of all of these which makes this
legend true.

Montez has been an on-air personality for just under 10 years. He is one of
Omaha's most beloved media personalities. He began as a late night rock-n-roll
disc jockey for Channel 94.1?s sister station Z-92.3, calling himself "the Bald
Headed Freak." As he gained popularity and confidence, his time slot was moved
into the daytime hours and he crossed the hall to the pop radio studio. He
became "Your Boy Montez." A legend was born.

Montez meets music and comedy superstars every week. Lady Gaga was in studio in
mid-December, and earlier last summer comedian Tommy Davidson was in town and
stopped by.

One legacy of Storz's pop revolution is taking demographic surveys of the
community. These surveys let programmers know who is listening and when they
listen. For instance, Montez is popular with women 25 to 54. Channel 94.1?s
morning personality "Big Party" brings listenership from previous shows on 89.7
The River and 101.9 The Edge. This delicate consistency is perhaps the
underpinning power of pop radio. The names and song titles change every day but
the relationships are lifelong and legendary by design. Montez's wife of five
years was recently also a rock 'n' roll radio personality. His extensive
knowledge of Omaha's radio history comes not from textbooks or classroom
lectures, but from firsthand accounts and people he has met and mentored under.
As yet, Montez has no college degree, though he does take occasional courses to
keep abreast of technologies and equipment.

While much of what Storz began remains, it has changed greatly. AM radio is no
longer a hub of social interface. For example, 1490 KBON is now an ESPN sports
talk station and WITX in New Orleans is once again all talk. Other Storz
stations-WHB Kansas City, WDGY Minneapolis, WQAM Miami, KXOK St. Louis and KOMA
Oklahoma City-have either gone defunct or become classic rock and oldies
stations and provide much the same music as when Storz was alive. The greatest
influence for such a popular cultural renaissance, as the one Storz began, has
to be a passion for the movement. Rock 'n' roll was a movement. Storz made it a
revolution without ever strumming a note. That is the awesome power of radio. It
is why, in 1956, TIME Magazine referred to Storz as the fastest rising figure in
U.S. radio and why he is a member of the National Association of Broadcasters
Hall of Fame. Sadly, a brain hemorrhage killed him at 39. It was his father who
carried on his radio empire legacy.

That legacy can be seen in today's media companies in Omaha and abroad. The
office believed to have housed the Storz Empire is now Clear Channel Radio and
includes 1110 KFAB, 99.9 KGOR, 96.1 the Brew, Twister 93.3 and KAT 103. The
Omaha pop radio juggernauts of today are found in the offices of the Journal
Broadcast Group, which includes Channel 94.1, Z-92, Star 104.5, and CD 105.9.
They compete for listeners with NRG media who boasts Q98.5, 101.9 the Big O,
Power 106.9 and many of the more popular AM sports talk frequencies. Journal
Broadcast Group is a Milwaukee based company but is perhaps this city's dominant
media entity as it also includes KMTV 3, Omaha's CBS affiliate. In fact, this
relatively recent journal group acquisition has offices located at 10714
Mockingbird Drive, which will soon house its radio holdings offices as well,
saving costs and centralizing its employees. The giant "for sale" sign in front
of the current 72nd street offices is testament to this corporate kinesis.

Montez reflected on the day Channel 94.1 switched frequency from KMXM to KQCH.
He instructed anyone listening to switch their dial to his broadcast's new home.
Those listeners would have had no choice but to turn elsewhere because following
his announcement would be only static. Those who followed him to the new
frequency were greeted by the music of Chicago's "Only the Beginning." That is
the magic of broadcast radio. It's the simplest paradox. It's the art of
conformity. It's the voice of reason. It's the shout of rebellion. It is the
still of the night. It is the bustle of the day. It's a stationary voyage.
Sometimes the radio is a time machine and the disc jockey is a pioneer.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Utah Statesman: Utah State University

                           January 11, 2012 Wednesday

Kneaders Bakery offers a cozy environment

BYLINE: ALEXANDRIA EVENSEN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 621 words


If customers could use one word to describe Kneaders Bakery, it would probably
be "warm."

Walking into the small Logan cafe, one could almost believe he or she were in a
bakery on the East Coast. The smell of fragrant hearth breads with an occasional
whiff of chocolate hangs heavy in the air. On a weekday afternoon, the store
employees are busy giving samples of Nepolean, an Italian dessert pastry, and
wrapping up turkey avocado sandwiches.

It's a brisk Monday afternoon when USU student Dokota DeWall makes his first
visit to Kneaders. The sophomore, who's an early childhood education major, is
accompanied by a large group of Kneaders veterans. His favorite touch to the
store is a fireplace that sits in the center of the room.

"It feels good," he said, describing the environment of the restaurant.

According to an article in Utah Valley Magazine, the Kneaders franchise was
started by retired couple Gary and Colleen Worthington, who both wanted
something to do during their golden years. They had been involved in volunteer
work, but it wasn't quite enough for a couple that had previously owned nine
Subway stores in Utah and Colorado.

What started as a bread store in Orem in 1997 has grown to 16 shops in three
states - Idaho, Arizona and Utah. The Logan shop opened last October.

Beyond bread, the eatery now offers salads, sandwiches and a choice of more than
20 specialty desserts, such as cherry chocolate pie and authentic cannolis.

Tyson Booth, a general manager of the store, said he'd always wanted to own his
own business before taking over the sandwich shop. He looked at various business
opportunities over the years and finally found Kneaders through his
brother-in-law, who was involved in an investment group associated with Kneaders
Corporate.

"Logan is basically where we wanted to be. The opportunity was there for us, so
we jumped on board," Booth said.

Kneaders follows the trend of many bread companies like Great Harvest Bread
Company and Panera Bread, but Booth said it's the environment that makes it so
different from other cafes or bakeries.

Kneaders' most recent TV commercial tagline was "come home to Kneaders," an
expression of one of Booth's goals for the company.

"We try to strive for creating a comfortable home-type feel," he said. "We want
to create a comfortable environment where people want to come not just by
themselves, but with their families."

Kneaders is a place where people create traditions, Booth said, whether they be
college students or families with small children. He called it a "family-driven"
business.

"We're a scratch bakery. It's good food, good environment. It's a place where
people want to come," he said.

Since it opened two months ago, Kerstin Beach has become a regular customer of
Kneader's. She said she's been there at least six times - maybe more.

"I manipulated them all (to come) because it's my favorite place ever," said
Beach, standing in line waiting to order while pointing to her friends.

"It's got a very homey feel," Megan Israelsen, one of Beach's friends, said.

"It's cozy," Beach added.

With it's $5 unlimited French toast or sourdough pancakes, Kneaders' business
draws heavily on the local college population.

Seth Durfee, a sophomore majoring in English who has eaten at Kneader's a few
times, said there's a strong consistency to the food.

"It does kind of feel homey," he said. "It's a lot different than the fast food
where they're trying to get you in and out of there as fast as they can."

Waiting for his wife to finish her French dip sandwich, the couple sits at the
table for a few minutes, talking and enjoying the environment.

"It's been pretty solid. It's nice that you can come here and sit down," he
said.

- allee.evensen@aggiemail.usu.edu

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                The Northern Iowan: University of Northern Iowa

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Shockers stop UNI with zone defense

BYLINE: BRAD EILERS Sports Editor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 649 words


Toure' Murry scored a game-high 24 points, including a no-look spinning lay-up
with 1:38 remaining in regulation to lead Wichita State University's men's
basketball team to a three-point victory over the University of Northern Iowa
Wednesday night in the McLeod Center.

Murry's circus shot gave WSU (16-3, 7-1 MVC) their first lead over the Panthers
since halftime, when the Shockers led 32-30. Wichita State would build that
one-point lead to three on a pair of free throws from Joe Ragland with 1:11
remaining. After UNI and WSU traded buckets, the Panthers had a chance to tie
the game with 12 seconds left, but Marc Sonnen's 3-pointer was off the mark,
making the final score 71-68 in favor of the Shockers.

"That was quite a see-saw affair and I'm just proud of our guys," said WSU head
coach Gregg Marshall. "They were down eight here at UNI... it was just a gutty
win for the guys on the road. They were tough. I don't just mean muscle tough,
physically tough, I mean mentally tough.

"It was a timely game for (Murry) because we had some other guys not play
particularly well. I didn't ask him to take over the game, but he didn't tell me
either, he just kind of went out and did it. He really felt it tonight," said
Marshall.

With the loss, the Panthers (13-7) fall to 3-5 in Missouri Valley Conference,
which puts them in a tie for seventh place in the MVC. However, the Panthers are
just two games behind third-place Drake University, whom they host on Sunday at
7 p.m. The Bulldogs have won four straight games since losing to the Panthers
83-68 on Jan. 7 in Des Moines.

UNI struggled against zone defense in the game against Bradley University last
Sunday, in which the team blew a 16-point second half lead, and the Shockers
took note of it. The Panthers had built an eight-point lead at 56-48 with 9:13
remaining in the game before the Shockers started switching up their defense.

"For a while we couldn't guard and we couldn't stop them and keep them off the
foul line," said Marshall. "We just didn't do a good job of guarding them... it
was obvious that we needed to (switch to zone defense). We needed to get them
out of rhythm."

"They went into a 2-3 zone and they really forced us to shoot jump shots.
Tonight we just couldn't get them to fall, but I think what really hurt us was
their 2-2-1 or 1-2-1-1 press which slowed us up and we couldn't find the shots
that we were looking for," said UNI freshman center Seth Tuttle. Tuttle scored
15 points on perfect six-for-six shooting.

The Panthers have led in all five of their MVC losses, including leads of eight
points or more in four of the five losses. Despite UNI's inability to close out
games, Jacobson still feels the team is playing well.

"If we make one or two plays go our way in all five of our losses right now,
maybe our record looks a lot different. The challenge is just to get onto the
next game ... That challenge just gets harder when you have had a couple (close
losses) in a row like we've had," said Jacobson. "Our guys will continue to stay
together and on game night they will battle their tails off."

Aside from Tuttle's 15 point performance, UNI was led in scoring by junior guard
Anthony James' 16 points. Juniors Marc Sonnen and Jake Koch also reached double
figures with 13 and 10 points respectively.

Although UNI has lost two games in a row and sit in a tie for seventh place in
the MVC, the Panthers can still use their last six games as a motivational tool.
Despite a head-scratching loss to Bradley, UNI has proved they can hang with any
team in the MVC, coming within three points of knocking off first-place
frontrunners Creighton University and Wichita State.

"Other than the last 15 minutes at Bradley, that's five and a half games where
we have played good basketball," said Jacoboson. "If you play good basketball
and you try and you fight hard enough, those one or two plays will start to go
your way."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Towers: Worcester Polytechnic Institute

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Seven ways to overload

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 547 words


It's C-term, so whether or not you overload, you're bound to have a miserable
term anyway. Why someone would want to overload during this term in particular
is a mystery, but if you're really committed to knocking some extra credits out
of the way and absolutely insist on overloading, here are some ways to do it and
ease your stress.


1. Act in a play this term and count it for credit
My drama friends do this regularly, and they love it. Of course, your evenings
will start filling up with more and more rehearsals the closer you get to
opening night and you may lose all semblance of a social life for a while, but
at least you'll be having fun and won't be stuck memorizing reaction mechanisms
like you would be if you were taking, say, organic chemistry for your overload.
And you can look forward to the cast party all term!
2. Do homework for one class in another class
It's the only way to survive a term in which you are overloading. If you play
your cards right, you'll be able to get all of your homework done without ever
having to spend a minute on it outside of class. Make sure to sit in the back of
the class so the professor won't see you not paying attention and there is no
risk of you getting called on to answer a question. Of course, if you haven't
perfected this technique, you'll still end up doing some work outside of class.
3. Discontinue all extracurriculars
Most people cannot overload without making some kind of sacrifice. If you think
about it, the people who have the most success overloading are those who don't
have any extracurriculars so that they can dedicate themselves entirely to their
classes. If you'd like to be one of those people, all you have to do is let each
of your clubs know that you will no longer be participating in their activities.

4. Quit your job
This is similar to #3, except the major disadvantage to this one is that you
will be stopping your a source of income - possibly your only source.
Additionally, if you quit a campus job, they'll most likely find someone who is
all too eager to replace you. That doesn't matter though, because it will allow
to you take an additional class!
5. Take Geology (or something that is just as easy)
It'll probably be the same as what you learned in middle school. Just know the
difference between metamorphic, sedimentary and igneous rocks, and you'll be
golden. What else is there to geology?
6. Take classes with your significant other
Count each class as a date. This means yoCount each class as a date. This means
you won't have to spend as much time with your significant other outside of
class, since you'll be going on at least four dates a week - not including lab
time. Instead of getting presents for each other, you could help each other with
homework. If this cuts down on the dinners you have to pay for, consider it a
bonus.
7. Take four PE classes.
Think about it - no homework! All of you have to do is show up, and you'll get
your entire physical education requirement done in a term. You could play
soccer, swim, learn how to lifeguard and go bowling all in one term. Just think
of the possibilities!
Now that you have some helpful tips on how to overload, good luck, and here's to
a successful term! Of course, if none of these tips work, you could always just
drop the extra class.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   East Carolinian: East Carolina University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Peddlin' Pirates creator presents iDrive

BYLINE: Mike Davis

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 714 words


Creator Martin Tanski. -Lacey Schwab | The East Carolinian

"I had my fair share of downtown experiences when I was a little younger and I
know how fun it is to go out," said Martin Tanski about helping to create
alternative ways for students and community members to get home. "But I also
know how much of a bummer it can be at the end of the night when you're walking
home and you might get robbed or assaulted."

To help avoid having a night ending in tragedy, Tanski has created two community
transportation services to help ease those worries. In 2010, Tanski and three
others came up with the idea of Peddlin' Pirates, which has since brought many
students convenient transportation needs.

But this past November, Tanski created the newest installment to his
Greenville-based transportation with the creation of iDrive, a service that will
drive someone's car home with them so they don't have to leave it downtown and
risk getting towed or ticketed.

"I have a love for Greenville, I went to school here. I've lived here for the
past six years, so I want to kind of help make the downtown better, as much as I
can," said Tanski. "In 20 or 30 years, when you come back here, it is going to
look a lot different, a lot better and we want to get in on the beginning of
that."

Crediting what his professors at ECU had taught him in class, Tanski used his
knowledge and understanding of how to create a successful business and put it
from paper to action.

"A lot of times, I would mirror what they were telling me and I was building it
into my company," said Tanski. "If I didn't learn what I learned in business
school, we would have been out of business a year ago and iDrive might have
never started."

Even with the fluctuations with the economy in the past few years, Tanski said
that when it bounces back, Peddlin' Pirates and iDrive will be riding it's way
to the top, as he has kept a positive attitude throughout the entire process.

"You have big plans when you create a business. You have all these revenue
projections, all these estimates about how much you are going to make, you tend
to not factor in how bad the economy is doing," said Tanski. "There have been a
lot of businesses that have shut their doors (in) the past three or four years,
and we are still going. We are still keeping the lights on."

Despite the Peddlin' Pirates shooting earlier this year, students and community
members have fully supported Tanski and his team's services. "Every time I get
in the car with someone, they are so thankful, so happy, we can take them home
and they don't have to worry about driving drunk," said Tanski.

Although the glamour of creating two companies that have become so popular
within the students and community might sound appealing, Tanski has become
practically foreign to his once-thriving social life.

"I have no life right now. I've been building two businesses from the ground up.
I have no social life, no friends; I sit in my house all day and all night and
just plan stuff out," said Tanski. "If I was busy all week and all I could do is
lay down, I'm down with that."

His partner for iDrive, Needham Cheely, said that even though the process of
creating a community business can be tough, "working with Martin has been really
great." Cheely also mentioned that since Tanski is "an entrepreneur like myself,
we both look forward to keep on moving forward" and lending a helping and to
those in need.

But from an early age, Tanski never minded putting in the hard work to make his
visions come to life. He looked up to his parents and contributes their guidance
and support as a few of the reasons he has been so successful.

"I've always wanted to own my own business, and I remember my parents telling me
I need to play golf because a lot of great business deals happen on the golf
course," said Tanski. "They've always been grooming me."

Unlike many of his friends, who have graduated and joined the forces of the
9-to-5 club, Tanski said he's "not big on listening to people and I've always
done my own thing and that is really what has gotten me going so young."

Even though iDrive only has two scooters as of right now, Tanski predicted, "By
next year, it will be like Hells Angels rolling around down here."

This writer can be contacted at lifestyles@theeastcarolinian.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Brock Press: Brock University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Men's Hockey clinches postseason berth

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 511 words


The Brock University Men's Hockey team was not going to be accused of getting
ahead of themselves, even if a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity awaited.

The Brock Badgers won a wild back-and-forth contest over the York Lions by a
score of 5-4 on Jan. 20. The game featured four lead changes and needed overtime
for the Badgers to finally put the Lions away. The win was even more impressive
considering the Badgers would travel to Hamilton on Jan. 23 to play an outdoor
game against the Waterloo Warriors as a part of the American Hockey League's
Winter Classic festivities.

The Brock faithful gave the Badgers some big support before the team hit the
road, as the Seymour-Hannah Centre was sold out as a part of the Investors Group
corporate night. The Brock sponsor bought all 1,500 tickets and distributed them
throughout the community, and also partnered with Brock Athletics for a food
drive in support of Community Cares.

Brock opened the scoring on the power play with Thomas Stajan's (Mississauga,
ON) ninth goal of the campaign from Kaine Geldart (Kingston, ON) and Matt
Abercrombie (Sarnia, ON) at 6:18.

Every time the Badgers scored a goal, however, it seemed like the Lions were
there to answer. It took York only nine seconds to tie it back up as Ryan
Andersen (Wainwright, AB) picked up his first of two markers in the game
unassisted.

Jesse Messier (Keswick, ON), 12th in OUA scoring, put the Lions up 2-1 just 32
seconds into the second frame, but Abercrombie would respond late in the period
to tie the game at 2-2 going into the second intermission.

Ryan Allen (Fort McMurray, AB) tallied a pair in the third period, but Brock
could just not separate themselves in a game with no lead greater than one goal.

And after the Lions tied the game with less than five minutes to play in the
third, things seemed dire for the Badgers when Jake Laplante (Mississauga, ON)
was served a 10-minute misconduct and two minute minor for checking to the head.

However, the Badgers maintained focus despite mounting frustration. Brock
survived the penalty kill and sent the game to overtime where the barn burner
tilted back in Brock's favour. This gave rise to the game's hero, Isaac Smeltzer
(Estevan, SK), who walked in from the point and wired a wrist shot past David
Blair (Ajax, ON) on the power play.

Six Badgers had multi-point nights, supported by Kurt Jory's (Brandon, MB) 18
saves. Blair made 29 saves on 34 Brock shots in the loss.

The victory gave the Badgers a season high three game winning streak and gave
them momentum heading into the inaugural OUA outdoor classic. The win also
clinched a playoff spot for the Badgers, who now have only six games remaining
following the 3-1 loss Waterloo in Hamilton.

Brock now sits in fifth place in the OUA West with 23 points, and can finish no
worse than eighth place with the University of Ontario Institute of Technology
Ridgebacks now eliminated.

The Badgers will next host the Waterloo Warriors and Lakehead Thunderwolves Jan.
25 and 27, respectively. Both games will take place at the Seymour-Hannah Centre
at 7:15 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Gateway: University of Nebraska at Omaha

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Five in the Box 1-26-12

BYLINE: Nate Tenopir

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 350 words

By Nate Tenopir, Sports Editor

The Mavs have been spending five in the box pretty regularly lately. Josh
Archibald, Alex Simonson and Brock Montpetit have each been disqualified at some
point during the last three games. Simonson has always been a tough player with
a very physical aspect to his game. It might be expected for him to be involved
in a physical play. But Archibald and Montpetit are offensive players counted on
to put up points. Both were lost in the first period, leaving their team in
situations where they had to shorten the bench for over two periods. UNO killed
off all three five minute majors but the Mavs cannot afford to lose such players
and put heavier burdens on their teammates.

UNO has surrendered more than 40 shots in all of the last four games. Not having
defenseman Andrej Sustr in the lineup has a lot to do with that.

"I think there's a correlation between our 40 shots against and Andrej being out
of the lineup," Blais said. "With that 6'8" [frame] and his stick reach, he
would have deflected a lot of those shots that are now going to the net.

As scary as it was to see Ryan Massa taken off the ice on a medical cart last
Friday, all indications are that Massa is doing fine. After being taken to the
hospital, Massa was at practice the next day, watching his team prepare for
their Saturday night game. Though he has yet to suit up since, he has been at
practice everyday. No timetable has been given for his return.

The series split at Mankato is a perfect example of life in the WCHA. Though the
Mavs were playing against the eleventh place team, it took one overtime to get a
victory and a goal with 9.7 seconds left to force overtime the next night. You
can't ever count on two points no matter who you're playing with. The final 10
games are going to be a grind.

After being tied for eighth place in national scoring in early December, Terry
Broadhurst has picked up only five points in the last eight games. Broadhurst
now sits in a tie for sixteenth place with 28 points. Matt White remains in the
top 10 with 32 points, good enough for a tie for ninth place.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                The Rebel Yell: University of Nevada - Las Vegas

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Lady Rebels win 16th game

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 550 words


on Jan 26, 2012

This article has been read 137 times.

After defeating BSU, UNLV records most victories in a season since 2005-06
season

[flickr id="6764468479" thumbnail="medium" overlay="false" size="original"
group="" align="center"]

Kelli Thompson scored a game-high 24 points and had four steals as UNLV (16-5,
4-1) won their first Mountain West Conference home game of the season against
MWC newcomer Boise State by a final count of 66-50.

Thompson has been playing with two torn ligaments in her wrist for the last
couple of games, forcing head coach Kathy Olivier to sit her in the last two
practices.

That didn't faze the Lady Rebels' leading scorer on Wednesday night.
"I've been fighting this wrist injury and I've just been trying to get back
[into form]," Thompson said. "I'm sick of this injury so I'm just going to do
everything I can to put the ball in the basket."

The 16th win marks the most games the Lady Rebels have won in a season since the
2005-06 season.

"It's super early to have 16 wins," Olivier said. "But for right now, we're just
taking it one game at a time and we have to make sure we keep playing defense
the way we can."

Boise State began the game by attacking the rim, knowing that the Lady Rebels
were without leading rebounder Lenita Sanford, who was sitting out with a knee
injury she suffered in the win against TCU on Jan. 18. The Broncos' first five
baskets of the game were layups.

"[The injury] is definitely serious," Olivier said, regarding Sanford's status.
"She's had to do rehab and her knee is pretty swollen. What we've got to do is
we need to make sure we don't put her in too soon."

Olivier said Sanford may sit out one more game before returning to the court.

The Lady Rebels' went into halftime leading 26-18, but had a difficulty putting
the ball in the basket as UNLV shot 38 percent from the field in the first 20
minutes. As the second half got underway, Boise State opened the half on an 11-2
run and took a 29-28 lead, forcing UNLV to take a timeout to the displeasure of
their head coach.

"I was mad," Olivier laughed. "But, we're a good team and I know we could've
done better [coming out of the second half]."

Leading 52-46 with 8:02 left, the Lady Rebels closed out the game with a 14-4
run, 12 from Thompson. The junior shooting guard capped off an impressive night
with back-to-back three-pointers for her second highest scoring output of the
season.

"The last two games, she didn't shoot the ball well, but she did a lot of other
things well," Olivier said of Thompson. "She shot the ball with ease, she shot
the ball with confidence and I thought her game was absolutely tremendous."

UNLV will now focus their attention to Saturday as they welcome the Air Force
Academy to the Cox Pavilion for the first meeting of the year.

The Falcons (5-15, 0-5) are coming off a loss on Wednesday to TCU, 66-44, where
they were outscored 27-4 in the first half.

AFA's leading scorer is Alicia Leipprandt, who averages close to 14 points per
game. Dymond James, who led the Falcons with 14 in the loss to the Horned Frogs,
is the second leading scorer with a shade under 13 points a game.

"We're just going to prepare for [Air Force] like we do for everyone else,"
Thompson said. "It's going to be a tough game and they're feisty. So we'll just
have to see what happens."

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                           The Post: Ohio University

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Post Letter: Columnist unfairly frames hard-working students

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 520 words


This letter is in response to Evan Smith's column on Jan. 23 titled "True Story:
Sports still consume lives of washed-up champions."

As a senior sport management major at Ohio University, I will admit that yes,
sports do consume my life. I watch SportsCenter every morning, I read ESPN.com
religiously and I have subscribed to Sports Illustrated for more years than I
can count. The walls in my apartment are decorated with memorabilia of my
favorite teams, and I kick myself when I miss an Ohio Athletics sporting event.

So, according to Evan Smith, I am a former "football star of my high school,"
too washed up to continue playing, so instead, I study sports. Evan, you could
not be any further from the truth. I am a 5-foot-8-inch tall, overweight sports
fanatic. I did not play a down of meaningful high school football; instead, I
took to the court to have a successful varsity career in a sport many consider
to be predominately female: volleyball. I must sit around and smoke weed every
day, because that is what the sport management students at OU do, right?

What about the sport management students working in the marketing department,
selling season tickets to the community so that the Ohio Men's basketball team
can lead the conference in attendance? What about the plethora of sport
management students putting in the hours of a Division I athlete as managers of
one of Ohio's 15 varsity sports? What about the sport management students who
volunteer countless hours of their time to help the media relations department,
or the sport management students who help in maintaining the athletic facilities
of this fine institution to make sure that they are suitable for interscholastic
competition?

Evan, while you generalize the sport management students with the insignificant
sample size of people that you know, hundreds of devoted, sport-business loving,
career-driven individuals attend classes daily so that we can learn how to
thrive in the sports industry. We study facility management, sport marketing,
sales management, sport promotions, governance and ethics, and the history of
the sports industry, etc. We learn from some of the finest and most experienced
professors in the country. We travel to conferences and career fairs, and
individually, we obtain internships and jobs in the aspect of sports that we
love. Are we consumed with sports? Absolutely, and that is why we are so
passionate about this major.

While my competitive career as an athlete may be complete, I am starting a
different sports career. You are correct about one thing, Evan: Many of us will
one day be coaches, general managers, commentators and athletic directors. We
will also hold plenty of other positions to make sure that the booming and
continuously growing sports industry continues to thrive. I invite you to a
meeting of the Sports Business Association Wednesday in Walter Hall, Room 135.
Sit in the back of the room and listen in as the hundreds of sport management
students that you generalized and demeaned change your perception of the sports
industry forever.

Zach Weinberg is a senior studying sport management.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                        The Lafayette: Lafayette College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Coach O' gets the record

SECTION: BLOG; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 619 words


By Eric Goldwein & Michael Kelley

Photo by Jack Fedak IV/ The Lafayette

Coach Fran O'Hanlon set a new Patriot League record with 235 conference wins
after a 82-76 victory over Colgate this past Wednesday.

Bouncing back from their Sunday loss to Lehigh, the Lafayette Men's Basketball
Team defeated Colgate 82-76 this past Wednesday, but were upstaged by their own
coach.

Fran O'Hanlon, in his 17th season, set a new Patriot League record for wins,
recording his 235th conference victory. In his time here on College Hill,
O'Hanlon has won three Patriot League Championships and has recently guided the
Leopards to two straight championship game appearances.

Jim Mower '12, who has played under O'Hanlon for four years, has learned a lot
and his progression as a player has been evident through his time here at
Lafayette.

"I didn't have a great freshman year but Coach O gave me a list of things to
improve on for the future," Mower said. "He's all about constantly improving,
and I think that's why we do so much better at the end of the season and in the
league tournament."

Ryan Willen '12 paced the Leopards with 18 points in the Wednesday night battle,
as the Leopards shot an impressive 56 percent from the field. Willen went to the
line nine times, something he has been doing on a more consistent basis as of
late. "I try to take advantage of opportunities to get into the paint whenever I
can," Willen said. "Sometimes you get the call and sometimes you don't, but
lately I've been able to get to the line."

Trailing by two at halftime, the Leopards picked things up in the second half,
outscoring the Raiders by eight in what was an important game in terms of the
overall Patriot League standings. The Leopards are now in a 3-way tie for second
place with American and Lehigh. Defending champion Bucknell sits in first place
at 6-0 in league play. With eight games in league play left, every game is
vital, especially considering home court advantage in the Patriot League
tournament is on the line.

Against the Raiders, the Leopards brought a balanced attack, with four players
reaching double figures in points. DanTrist '15 was among those four with 13
points, and has improved his play as the season has progressed.

"I have been progressing well in terms of the long run," said Trist. "The
coaches and seniors have helped me a lot to adapt to the speed of the game."
Trist recently won his first Patriot League Rookie of the Week award.

Joining Trist and Willen in double figures was Joey Ptasinski '15 with 13 points
and Tony Johnson '13 with 10 points. Johnson also added 7 assists.

Johnson, who was out for the majority of the season with a back injury, has been
working his way back into the swing of things, and played 34 minutes tonight, a
season high. "It has been a slow process but I have definitely been getting more
comfortable on the court," Johnson said. "And it never seems to hurt as much
after a win."

This past Sunday, the Kirby Field House was packed as the Leopards took on the
archrival Mountain Hawks. With Patriot League standings on the line, the two
teams battled it out, but the Mountain Hawks managed to pull away late in the
game, due to stellar play by C.J. McCollum '13, who registered nineteen second
half points.

"I thought we did a good job covering him in the first half," Mower said. "In
the second half, though, he got his confidence going with some easy points off
turnovers and trips to the foul line."

Well into the second half of the season, the action is starting to heat up with
a lot to gain in terms of standings and seeding for the Patriot League
Tournament. Tomorrow, the Leopards square off with American University, a team
they went to double OT with twice last season.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                        The Lafayette: Lafayette College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

All about the D

SECTION: BLOG; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 610 words


By Michael Kowaleski

How one-sided can a team afford to be? This is a question the Lafayette women's
Basketball Team (8-13, 2-4) must answer if they hope to make a permanent impact
in the Patriot League.

"Defense isn't a problem for us," Sarah McGorry '12 said. "That's always been a
strong point since I've been here. Our team will be much more successful once we
find our groove offensively."

Over the winter break, Lafayette wrapped up out-of-conference play with wins
against St. Francis, Eastern Carolina, and Columbia, while dropping contests
against St. Joseph's, Brytant, Maryland, and Pittsburgh. The Leopards have also
begun Patriot League play, falling to Navy, Army, Holy Cross, and Lehigh, while
scoring W's versusBucknell and Colgate.

McGorry and Head Coach Dianne Nolan cited the Pittsburgh game as an especially
tough loss, as Lafayette took the Big East Panthers to overtime before falling
in overtime.

"We had a great game," Nolan said. "We should have won. We set two Peterson
Event Center records for assists and field goal percentage. So it was a real
quality effort, taking a Big East team to the brink on their own court."

McGorry agreed that Lafayette should have been victorious, but cites outside
influences in how the final score was determined.

"It felt like we were playing five against eight," the forward said. "The
referees were making every call that they could against us. We were up by 15 at
one point, and then everything seemed to started going against us."

Pittsburgh was awarded 35 foul shots as opposed to Lafayette's 12, 37 of which
came in the second half. Depth also became an issue for the Leopards as Danielle

 Fiacco '14 and high scorer Emily Homan '15 fouled out during regulation.

Losing Fiacco and Homan were tremendous blows to the Leopard effort as the top
two sources of point production on a team desperate for it. Lafayette is
currently ranked next to last in total offensive production

"In our conference games, we're so close," Nolan said. "We just need to start
finding the rim. We're first in the conference in field goal percentage defense,
we're tied with Navy for 3-point percentage. First in blocks. The defense is
there. Offensively, we're challenged. Once we find our groove, we're as good as
any team in the league."

"Offensively, we're in a bit of a slump," guard Melissa Downey '12 said. "I
think it has a lot to do with the production from the perimeter. Once we hit a
couple shots it forces the defense to come out and play outside and not sit in
the lane and double team our posts."

Fiacco, the top scorer on the team (11.2 points a game) also shattered the
single season shot blocks record for Lafayette with nearly half the season left
to play. The previous record of 74 was set over 20 years ago by LenoraJohnson
'81 during the 1980-1981 campaign. As of this writing, Fiacco had increased her
total to 85 blocks, landing her 10th place on the Patriot League's all time
leaderboard. She is 10 blocks shy of the league record and a mere four blocks
away from the all-time record held by Johnson, despite the fact that she is in
her second season at Lafayette, with her freshman season cut short by a shoulder
injury.

"I couldn't be happier for Danielle," Downey said. "I couldn't be more thankful
for it, because if I get beat on defense, it's comforting to know we have such a
great presence inside."

Fiacco was deferential concerning her mark.

"It's cool that I reached that point," she admitted. "But all that matters is
that as a team we do well in the Patriot League."

The Leopards look to improve upon their 2-4 league mark at American on January
28 before facing Navy for the second time on February 4.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Brock Press: Brock University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

The game on the (foul) line

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 569 words


It was a slow start but a dramatic finish on Jan. 25 as the Brock University
Women's Basketball (11-6 OUA) team lost 69-68 to the Wilfred Laurier University
Golden Hawks (11-5 OUA) at the Bob Davis Gymnasium.

Overall the game was won and lost from the charity stripe, both literally on the
game's final shots as well as emblematically throughout the match. By the end of
the first half, Laurier led 31-24, largely aided by making 13 of 14 free throw
attempts, whereas Brock shot a Shaquille O'Neal-esque 4-10.

It would be a different story in the second half, but the Badgers shooting and
defensive coverage at times were cause for concern as the half came to a close.
Overall the Badgers shot 30 per cent (9-30) from the field, including only 2-9
from three point land. Brock scoring was led by transfer students Nicole
Rosenkranz (Niagara Falls, ON) and Sarah Mallen (Fonthill, ON), formerly of the
McMaster Marauders and Western Mustangs, with 11 and six points respectively.

The Badgers slowly clawed their way back in the third quarter. Andrea Polischuk
(Brantford, ON) started the run to equalize the game by making one of two free
throws, followed by a lefty layup on the following possession. Emily McKay
(Toronto, ON) then drew two consecutive Hawk fouls, going 4-4 from the line. A
Kayla Santilli (Brantford, ON) jump shot from the elbow on the quarter's last
possession capped off a 23-16 quarter for the Badgers to tie the game 47-47.

The final frame was a toe-to-toe affair as the Badgers and Hawks exchanged
points and saw several lead changes. Laurier went up 65-60 with a 1:15
remaining. Following Laurier forward Christa Mancino's (Port Colborne, ON)
fouling out, Rosenkranz made both free throws to trail by three. Brock
successfully pressed to steal the ball, and Jessica Del Signore (Brantford, ON)
would be fouled, but missed both corresponding free throws. On the ensuing
Laurier possession, McKay fouled Felicia Mazerolle (Elliot Lake, ON), who split
her foul shots to restore a four point lead.

With 30.6 seconds remaining, Polischuk made a layup following a Brock timeout to
draw within two points. After McKay brought the deficit down to one point,
Laurier travelled to give the Badgers their opening. Polischuk made another
layup to take the lead by one with six seconds remaining. Mazerolle, however,
would draw a crucial foul call with 0.6 seconds left to head to line. She would
sink both, and the Badgers with them, for the 69-68 victory.

Rosenkranz led the Badgers with 18 points and eight rebounds, followed by
Samantha deJong (St. Catharines, ON) off the bench with 11. Polischuk and Del
Signore added nine points each. Brock shot 39.3 per cent from the floor, but
only 55.6 per cent from the free throw line. Comparatively, the Hawks only had a
41.7 field goal percentage, but went 25-31 (80.6 per cent) from the charity
stripe. Mazerolle led all scorers with 22 points, while reservist Shelby Kurt
(Waterloo, ON) added 16.

The Badgers would be hit with another loss on the road Jan. 28, falling 66-62 to
the Guelph Gryphons (7-9 OUA). Rosenkranz recorded a double double with 18
points and 13 rebounds while deJong chipped in 16 points and eight boards. The
Badgers sit in second place in the OUA West with 22 points.

The Badgers' next home games will be a back-to-back series with the Lakehead
Thunderwolves Feb. 10-11. Both games will take place at 6:00 p.m. at the Bob
Davis Gymnasium.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              The Collegian: California State University - Fresno

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Anybody but Newt

BYLINE: Tony Petersen

SECTION: TOP OPINION STORY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 514 words



The Right Tone
Tony Petersen

Will the Republican Party be dumb enough to nominate Newt Gingrich?

This is what GOP elites must be asking themselves. For if Newt were to be the
nominee, Barack Obama would surely receive a second term.

Newton Leroy Gingrich is no conservative. And he's the least electable
frontrunner in modern politics.

The reasons to vote against Newt are legion.

Newt is not a conservative, neither by the issues nor by temperament. He opposed
conservative Barry Goldwater for the GOP nomination in 1964, favoring instead
the last bastion of liberal Republicans on the national scene, Nelson
Rockefeller. He was forced out of his position as Speaker of the House by his
own party. He was for cap-and-trade, declaring his support for legislation
proposing it on the same couch as Nancy Pelosi, before he was against it.

He was for the individual mandate for health insurance before he was against it.
He decried Paul Ryan's efforts to rein in government debt as "right-wing social
engineering." He previewed President Obama's campaign strategy in South Carolina
by excoriating Mitt Romney's career in the private sector. This list could go on
ad nauseum.

All of this is even before we get into his marital infidelities, which will hurt
him far worse in the general election than it has thus far in the Republican
primary.

Gingrich also has the ignominious distinction of having never been popular: his
national favorability ratings routinely sit in the low 20s.

Gingrich's strength thus far, and one of the main reasons for his meteoric rise,
has been the numerous debates that he has excelled in, in large part due to his
apparent campaign strategy of excoriating the media every chance he gets. This
works because the conservative base feels like the mainstream media are
overwhelmingly liberal. The vast American electorate does not have the same
misgivings as the GOP base does.

Once Newt is able to get his much-sought-after debate opportunity with Obama,
his weaknesses - arrogance and grandiosity - will hurt him far more than his
grasp of the issues will help him.

In short, a vote for Newt Gingrich in the Republican Primary is a vote for
Barack Obama in the general election.

Faithful readers of this column know that I am a rabid supporter of Ron Paul.
Dr. Paul's policy prescriptions on issues from foreign policy to debt reduction
seem to be exactly what this country needs at such a dire moment.

Rick Santorum's focus on social issues and economic populism could give him an
advantage to take back those Reagan Democrats that Republicans lost in 2008.

Mitt Romney's experience in the economy gives him a unique perspective in
helping to end the economic crisis the country currently finds itself in. He is
also the Republican Party's best chance at defeating Obama.

All of these candidates are better than Newt Gingrich. All stand a better chance
at defeating the incumbent president. And all would be better in the office of
the presidency than the former Speaker of the House.

Tony Petersen is the opinion editor of The Collegian. Follow him on Twitter
@tonypetersen4.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Hillsdale Collegian: Hillsdale College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Jazz takes off: festival, CD, logo

BYLINE: Emily Johnston

SECTION: CULTURE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 731 words


Hillsdale College's jazz music program is taking on new projects this year,
projects that will continue training and expanding Hillsdale's already expansive
jazz division.

"Hillsdale is unique because our [jazz] combo program is so strong," said Chris
McCourry, artist and teacher of music. "We'll have at least six or seven combos
next year. We just keep growing."

This year, in addition to the regular spring concerts, McCourry and the jazz
department are attending two festivals in February and are recording a CD in
March.

"We have got to put in the work but I'm really excited about how the band will
sound come spring," he said.

Jazz CD

The Hillcats and the Hillsdale College Big Band will record a CD in March
featuring jazz singer and senior Erin O' Luanaigh.

"This CD is kind of [McCourry's] parting gift to me," O' Luanaigh said. "It's a
big favor to me."

The CD will feature between 10 and 12 tracks, at least eight in which O'
Luanaigh will sing. The tracks will be recorded in a recording studio in either
Ann Arbor or Albion, O' Luanaigh said.

Even though O' Luanaigh recorded a couple CDs in high school, this will be her
first experience recording with a live band.

"I love performing things live," she said. "It's one my great joys in life to
have unedited studio cuts of tracks."

McCourry said the CD's theme is "Erin as vocal soloist." The original plan was
to record an Anita O'Day theme but McCourry and O' Luanaigh keep adding other
new tracks.

McCourry has intended to do a project similar to this one since her sophomore
year, O' Luanaigh said.

"It will also be a great memento of my years singing jazz here and all of the
work I've put into both bands," she said.

The CD will help with recruiting jazz and music students and in fundraising for
the college, McCourry said.

"It should have a wide appeal and be accessible to any listener," he said.

He also said it is a feature for O' Luanaigh.

"She's extremely talented and I don't get students of her talent come through
here all that often," he said.

Jazz CDs should be released before the end of the semester and will be available
for sale to students.

L.A. Jazz Festival

Before the CD project gets in full swing, the Big Band and four jazz combos,
about 30 students total, will attend the first Liberal Arts Jazz Festival at
Albion College on Feb. 25.

One week earlier, on Feb. 11, jazz students will perform at the Michigan Jazz
Festival.

McCourry said he has been working on planning the L.A. Jazz Fest with James
Ball, Albion's band director and the bass player for the Hillcats, since the
beginning of the year.

"There is nothing else like this," he said. "It's focused on the needs of
liberal arts colleges without grad programs, like Hillsdale and Albion. There
will be no competition. I love competition but in the academic music world, it's
frowned upon."

Instead of a competition, the L.A. Jazz Fest features longer performance times
and more intimate clinics. Three professionals will listen and critic each
performance for 40 minutes, compared to the 15 minute sessions at the Michigan
Jazz Fest.

Clinicians include all of the Hillcat performers, drummer Jim Rupp, and
vocalists Briann Perry.

During clinics, other bands and local high school jazz players can sit in and
listen.

"I'm interested to hear from the pool of college bands and it's always great to
make new friends," O' Luanaigh said. "Our band has improved so much. We're at
the peak of our skill."

Clinicians will still announce outstanding awards, McCourry said.

Instructor in Art Bryan Springer said he started working on a logo for the L.A.
Jazz Fest just before the beginning of this semester.

"As an instrument, I thought the saxophone communicated the idea of jazz well,"
Springer said. "Knowing Chris, I experimented with a trumpet (of course), but
the sax was just the most successful visual idea. The curvilinear contour and
oblique slant give the logo a nice 'cool' jazz feel. Of course it is blue-it's
jazz and blues, man. It also works for Hillsdale College."

Springer and McCourry went through only one revision of the sax/L.A. logo.

"It's a pleasure working with Prof. McCourry," Springer said. "I am very
fortunate that he is a fan of my work and has so often replied positively to my
initial mock-ups."

Springer's logo is currently being created into a festival t-shirt design.

Next year, Hillsdale will host the L.A. Jazz Fest.

ejohnston@hillsdale.edu

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Only At BYU

SECTION: CAMPUS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 299 words


The cool kids sit in the front of the class, only at BYU. When two students are
named James and John, people ask where Peter is. Only at BYU. People camp out to
sign their housing contracts, only at BYU.

On campus, stereotypes are turned into jokes that circulate throughout the
student body. These jokes and phrases take a unified form, "only at BYU."

Perrin Gerber, a food science major from West Point, N.Y., had no shortage of
these phrases.

"The Mrs. degree, only at BYU," Gerber said. "The ring check is like breathing,
only at BYU. Holding the priesthood is a pickup line, only at BYU."

Gerber said he felt these are jokes, but also that they are true to a point.

Chad Bradshaw, a neuroscience major from Orting, Wash., knew some of these jokes
as well.

"Engaged after a week of dating, only at BYU," Bradshaw said. "Saran-wrapping
statues before rival games, only at BYU."

Bradshaw said he thought these jokes are funny. He also recognized some believed
this is not always the case.

"Some people may get offended by these phrases because it's a way of life that
only exists at BYU," Bradshaw said. "It may be a part of their life, so it's
hard when people make fun of it. They are based on truth, but we blow it out of
proportion."

Gerber said these phrases do indeed represent the school, but no one should
really take them seriously.

Derek Flora, an international relations major from Chino Hills, Calif., thinks
the jokes are spot on.

"They are fairly accurate," Flora said. "Many people in the LDS culture are so
focused on getting married that they forget why they came to BYU in the first
place."

Breanne Booren, a dietetics major from Arvada, Colo., had a different take on
the phrases.

"I think they are more for people who don't go to BYU," Booren said. "They are
made for stereotype fitting."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Universe: Brigham Young University

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

A Beach in Provo?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 687 words


Scroll down to listen to an interview with Provo Mayor John Curtis

If Provo Mayor John Curtis gets his way, a trip to the beach might no longer
require that 12-hour drive to California.

A beach at Utah Lake, along with other projects, is part of Curtis' 20-year
vision for Provo, also known as Vision2030.  Curtis said there are plenty of
things to look forward to this year, especially with the development of the
downtown Provo area, along with plans the city has for economic development.

Provo Mayor John Curtis sits in his office.

The Utah Valley Conference Center, being built by the county, is slated to open
in May. BYU's new life sciences building is under way, as is NuSkin's $100
million building.

Though the city hasn't been given a timeline as to when work on the new LDS
temple will start, Curtis is hopeful construction will start sometime this year.

Curtis has also met with  local business leaders to work on developing Provo
into a successful commercial center.

"The Business Development Cooperation will work on filling our empty
storefronts, helping businesses get started, and be successful in our downtown
area," he said. "There's also a new organization that was just formed called the
Downtown Provo Inc., where business owners are coming together to help market
and promote downtown."

Dickson Holmes, deputy mayor, said through the Downtown BDC, the city mentors
existing businesses, and also has a fund that has the possibility of loaning
money to new businesses.

"If we can connect the dots with needs and wants, that's good," Holmes said. "We
entice businesses to be a part of what we have down here. We have had nine new
restaurants open in the past six months."

Jordan Troxel, a junior from Provo majoring in exercise science, said when he
was growing up, people never used to go downtown.

"South of campus has always been pretty ghetto. Now, it's not so dirty, not so
nasty," Troxel said. "It's actually drawing people there and its never been like
that before. It's good it's now going that way."

To bring jobs to Provo, the city has also been offering  incentives in a number
of places.

"We have a manufacturing park in Provo that's about 200 acres and we've put some
incentives on that to bring jobs to the city," he said. "We're constantly
looking for businesses to bring and recruit to Provo. That's a big goal of
ours."

Downtown, the city is finishing up work on the Center Street intersection, which
should help with traffic on the smaller roads.

"This year, we are redesigning our sidewalks," Curtis said. "There will be
people eating out in the sidewalk area for restaurants. Sidewalk space will also
be able to accommodate sitting areas and plazas."

Slated to be completed in December 2012, the FrontRunner train will be a great
Christmas present to Provo. Curtis is especially excited for it because it will
allow people to come to the BYU or UVU campus, commute back and forth to work,
travel without putting more cars on the road and help with economic development.

As a former student at BYU, Curtis spoke of his love for the school and said he
hopes students realize what a great opportunity it is to attend the university.

"I have three children attending BYU right now," he said. "I hope students know
how much we appreciate them. Sometimes they get frustrated and need to be
patient with us. I welcome dialogue with the students."

Curtis explained there are some places in Provo now that look exactly the same
as when he was a student in Provo in 1985.

"My feeling is that when we don't articulate a clear vision of where we want to
go, then we falter," Curtis said. "It was extremely important to me that Provo
articulate where we wanted to be in 20 years, and as we did so that we thought
big, that we dreamed big."

One of those dreams is having that beach at the lake.

"So let's dream a beach at the lake," he said. "It may not be possible, but if
we don't put it in, we won't do it."

Curtis admits there are some things he doesn't know how to get done.

"But, because it's 20 years away, I get the luxury of dreaming," he said. "I
believe that if we put it out there, opportunities will come along."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Whitman College Pioneer: Whitman College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

State of the State combines research, community outreach

BYLINE: Rachel Alexander

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1446 words


State of the State combines research, community outreach

Rachel Alexander
January 26, 2012
Filed under NEWS

On Friday when classes start to wind down, most Whitman students start planning
their weekend activities: hanging out, going to parties or catching up on
homework. For a group of 16 students, however, a typical weekend might involve
interviewing community members about their access to social services or heading
to Olympia to educate legislators about the challenges facing the Latino
community in Washington State.

Students in Whitman's State of the State class, which has existed since 2005,
conduct community-based research on a variety of issues affecting Washington
Latinos; including political participation, immigration policy and bilingual
education in Walla Walla schools. Each research group is paired with a community
organization which has a research need, and they spend fall semester collecting
information and doing interviews related to the selected topic. Students write
extensive summaries of their research and dedicate spring semester to
publicizing their findings. The work sometimes involves long nights in the
library, but it's also a rewarding experience.

"It's been one of the best things I've ever done at Whitman, and one of the
hardest," said junior Spencer May, who is researching immigration policy.

The State of the State class dates back to an attempt to unionize the Tyson
meatpacking plant located near Pasco, Wash., which began in 2002. Many Whitman
students were involved in the effort, which also included attempts to educate
the mostly Latino workforce about their rights and political power. Professor of
Politics and Paul Chair of Political Science Paul Apostolidis was put in contact
with a voting rights lawyer who was working with the Teamsters Union, and said
the idea for the class came out of discussing the ways in which problems facing
the Latino community were interrelated.

"There were a whole range of issues where, if you could mobilize more public
policy power, you could solve more of the problems," he said.

A clear example of this, is the low representation of Latinos in political
office. Latinos make up 21.6 percent of the population in Adams, Benton, Chelan,
Douglas, Franklin, Grant, Okanogan, Skagit, Walla Walla and Yakima counties, but
have only been elected to 2.7 percent of city council and school district seats.
Washington's at-large voting system, which allows for people to vote for every
seat on a council, instead of separating them into districts, is partially
responsible for this. Because elections aren't divided into districts,
majority-Latino areas are often outnumbered by the white majority, meaning that
their political concerns go unaddressed.

"At the end of the day, the electoral system just isn't working," said senior
Seth Dawson, who was part of the political participation research group. "It's
leaving out important voices."

Apostolidis said that as State of the State has grown, it has become more
rigorous in its research and advocacy work.

"Our standard of excellence has gone up every year," he said. "We started to get
more and more requests to share the research with different groups."

The influence of State of the State research is evident in Washington politics.
The group maintains a website, walatinos.org, where in-depth research findings
can be found. Senior Zach Duffy, who participated in the class last year and is
currently the State of the State scholar, said that language from his group's
research made it into voting rights legislation in the Washington State
Legislature. The connections made as part of the class can also lead to future
careers in related fields.

"There's this really great network that grows out of being a member of the
class," he said.

The class also allows students to step outside the classroom and get involved in
the community, something sophomore Julia Stone found especially valuable.

"I can't imagine my experience at Whitman not having that experiential
component," she said.

State of the State students will spend their spring semester publicizing
research findings on a variety of governmental officials and community groups.
What follows is a summary of the work each group has done. More information on
each group's methodology, findings and recommendations can be found at
walatinos.org.

Social Services Access: Commitment 2 Community

The social services group conducted research by surveying low-income households
in three Walla Walla neighborhoods served by Commitment 2 Community, a local
organization. Research was not exclusively focused on Latinos, and one of the
purposes was to assess the differences between white and non-white households.
The group found that informal, social relationships are often important factors
that lead people to seek out social services. They also found that non-white
households had lower high school graduation rates than white households.
Recommendations include the use of personal relationships to build trust between
low-income people and social service providers.

Immigration and Secure Communities: OneAmerica

This research team focused on Secure Communities, an immigration policy created
during the Bush Administration and expanded under Obama. Secure Communities aims
to prioritize the deportation of "criminal aliens" through coordination with
local law enforcement. However, the research team found that the term "criminal
alien" was ambiguously defined, and deportation proceedings were frequently
started on undocumented people who had committed relatively minor infractions.
In addition, many Latinos believe that local law enforcement coordinates with
immigration groups, and feared to involve police in cases of domestic violence
or labor law violations for fear of being deported. Group recommendations
include law enforcement holding sessions to clarify their role with respect to
immigrant communities, as well as defining "criminal alien" in more concrete
terms and focusing on the deportation of aggravated felons, rather than anyone
with a criminal record.

English as a Later Language Education: Walla Walla Public Schools

As one of two groups focused on education, the ELL group investigated the impact
of the Walla Walla Schools District's English education policies on parent,
teacher and student success. Dual language education was identified as the most
useful method of instruction. ELL parents often wanted to be involved in their
students' education, but found themselves limited by socioeconomic and language
barriers. Teachers also believed that punitive measures for low scores on
standardized tests were unfair to ELL students. Recommendations included a
reevaluation of standardized testing policies in Washington, including multiple
language options. They also recommended the expansion of parent education
programs to Blue Ridge Elementary and Walla Walla High School, to increase
parental participation in education.

Cultural Competency: Walla Walla Public Schools

In 2009, the Washington State legislature passed an unfunded mandate supporting
cultural competency training in schools as a way of reducing the achievement
gap. The purpose of cultural competency training is to give teachers resources
to effectively deal with racial conflict and to be sensitive to the cultural
differences of their students. There are no policies mandating cultural
competency training at the schools with the highest percentage of Latino
students in the district: Blue Ridge Elementary, Garrison Middle and Walla Walla
High School. Teachers at these schools generally feel more confident in their
ability to teach in ways that affirm the cultural diversity of their students,
but are often uncertain of their ability to solve racial conflict.
Recommendations include hiring more bilingual staff in Walla Walla schools,
working to increase participation of Latino parents in school activities and the
provision of cultural competency training for teachers who are interested.

Political Representation: National Voting Rights Advocacy Initiative

This group studied the past 30 years of local election in 10 counties in
Washington. Due largely to the at-large voting system mandated by the state
legislature, Latinos have been dramatically underrepresented amongst elected
officials. This misrepresentation is mirrored by a larger lack of Latino
participation in politics, a trend that is attributable to several factors,
including language barriers. Recommendations include providing translation
services for city council and other local government meetings, addressing
electoral inequalities via sustained, multi-year efforts and allowing
jurisdictions to switch to district voting systems.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                       Barnard Bulletin: Barnard College

                           January 14, 2012 Saturday

Madame

SECTION: POLITICS-OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 827 words

Madame President

By Katie Donham

Why didn't Hillary Clinton win the 2008 Democratic nomination? Hillary Clinton
just had a lot going against her. Not only is she married to the man with
arguably the largest infidelity scandal in American history, but she was also up
against Obama. Each of these candidates was tied to a historically unrepresented
demo- graphic, and some saw it as a competition of which group could get the
vote, rather than which individual. The two candidates project- ed vastly
divergent images: while President Obama came across as cool and optimistic,
people somehow got stuck on how they didn't like Hillary Clinton's suits.
Hillary Clinton had a lot of the older population's support, but she didn't
mobilize the popula- tion to vote. Obama had the speaking power to arouse
enthusiasm in the country's younger citizens, and his campaign outdid Hillary's
to gain the nomination.

Does Hillary Clinton's losing the Democratic Party nomination to President Obama
mean that our country isn't ready for a fe- male president? No, it doesn't. It
just means that we're looking for the right candidate, and Hillary didn't fit
the bill in 2008.

Michelle Bachman is another woman look- ing for the top position in America.
However, she's unpopular in the polls and will probably not get the 2012
Republican party nomina- tion. Again, it won't be because she's a woman, it will
be because people don't believe in her politics or that she's the right
individual for the job.

While we may not have a female leader, like many other countries do, we are in
no way without female leaders in politics. In the 112th Congress, eleven percent
of the House of Representatives are female, and thirty-four percent of the
Senate is female (Hilary Clinton was once herself a Senator).

The private sector has seen its own share of growth in female participation. In
the last few weeks, the number of female CEOs of Fortune 500 is the highest it's
ever been. Even though, at 18, the number doesn't seem like a lot, the corporate
world is a realm that shows the gen- der divide the most strongly, so even this
de- velopment is meaningful. It acts as a relevant example of the strength of
the glass ceiling, as businesses respond to market demands and an increasing
supply of college-educated women pushing out weary stereotypes. Although there
is a lower number of women in high positions and women's pay is, on average,
lower than men's, these statistics are changing. The fact that women currently
outnumber men in col- lege will probably lead to more women in the work place
than ever before, and more women making their way up to the increasingly high-
er-level positions in business.

The shift indicates that the more that wom- en take these positions, the more it
will con- tinue to happen. The number of Forbes 500 female CEOS has been quickly
rising. And as the business world changes, so does the politi- cal one, albeit
in the slower pace that it tends to adopt. The number of women in Congress is
getting larger and larger every session, and women participate increasingly in
the presidential races.

There's also a social component of the president's wife that has expanded the
breadth of women's political activity and changed the nature of the presidential
couple. The "First Lady" position has gone through an evolution in our history.
The title of First Lady began more as a public figure than a political actor;
during these phases the first lady was expected to put on events and provide
decorum to her husband's office. Then the First Lady became a political
activist; these women would take on causes that weren't particularly controver-
sial like Lady Bird Johnson and environmen- tal protection and beautification,
and Rosal- ynn Carter helping mentally disabled people. More recently, first
ladies have assumed more politicized and active: Nancy Reagan started a drug
awareness campaign, Hillary Clinton aimed to reform the healthcare system, and
Michelle Obama has worked to start legisla- tion about childhood nutrition. This
shift is a less obvious, but still a very important moment towards women
asserting a place in ac- tive political participation.

Although we have not had a female presi- dent yet, it's not because our country
isn't ready for a women to hold executive office. Our culture has been working
towards this moment, opening the door slowly but surely for this very
occurrence. But, we're not go- ing to vote for a candidate just because of her
gender; she has to be the right candidate for the job. People said we could
never have an African-American president, but Obama's ad- ept political skill
challenged those who didn't believe it could happen. The world as a whole is
welcoming female executive leaders more and more, from German Chancellor Angela
Merkel to Argentinian President Cristina Fer- nandez de Kirchner, and it's only
a matter of time before the United States follows suit.About these
adsdiv.wpa>div { margin-top: 1em; }

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 348 DOCUMENTS


              The Highlander: University of California - Riverside

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday

The NDAA puts US citizens' freedom at risk

BYLINE: James Njuguna

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 943 words


Courtesy of CSMonitor.com

In response to the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Congress and then President
George W. Bush crafted a bill that any sensible critic would've called an
abomination. A blatant power grab by the government, the PATRIOT Act
dramatically redefined what was considered private in the US. The bill, riddled
with bureaucratic double-speak, sought to expand the ways in which intelligence
and law-enforcement agencies went about collecting, gathering and sorting
information that may or may not be pertinent to ongoing investigations or
terrorist threats. It expanded the definition of "domestic terrorism" and
stepped up surveillance on both foreign figures and citizens linked, however
vaguely, to any sort of terrorist plot.

The American Civil Liberties Union voiced their condemnation of the bill, even
going so far as to call it unconstitutional. Whether or not they were right has
never been successfully established in a court of law. At the time of the bill's
introduction, and in the years that followed, quite a number of Democratic
legislators accused Bush of attempting to police privacy. They painted a stark,
1984-esque picture of how the future would be if the bill became law. President
Obama, then candidate Obama, stated on the campaign trail that he would repeal
most of the provisions of the law that were controversial (along with closing
Guantanamo Bay), but he not only reneged on that promise, he also extended the
Act another four years in May 2011.

And now President Obama has impressively managed to surpass President Bush in
his efforts to stomp all over our constitutional rights. On the last day of
2011, a day clearly picked because it would garner the least amount of coverage
in the 24-hour news cycle, President Obama signed the National Defense
Authorization Act into law. This year, the act, which has been passed every year
for the past five decades, greatly expands the scope of government in ways that
the previous Republican regime never imagined.

Two sections of the bill in particular, 1021 and 1022, have had many people up
in arms over the legality of the legislation. Section 1021 gives the president
the power to detain anyone who is linked to any terrorist group indefinitely.
The section also grants the president the power to use the military as a conduit
for detaining these persons. Section 1022 grants the President the power to use
the military to detain persons suspected of terrorism, even if the people in
question are American citizens.

This goes against everything that the Fifth Amendment, which guarantees
Americans due process of law, stands for. Now, without any concrete forethought
or evidence, the government can indefinitely detain anyone considered a
terrorist or a terrorist sympathizer, regardless of whether or not they're
American. This is an outrage, a breach in trust between the public and its
government and a complete disregard of the Constitution.

When these two sections were first proposed in November and subsequently added
to the overall bill, the White House came out with tough language condemning
them, even threatening that the president would veto the bill if it landed on
his desk with the provisions intact. However, the president did nothing to
ensure the sections were left out. He not only failed to put pressure on members
of his own party, he also flip-flopped on yet another issue.  Only this time it
wasn't some inconsequential social issue; it was a true threat to the very
liberties that this country has trumpeted since independence.

Once again, a politician sought cover on a bill that he knew was wrong for the
country, but the lust for more power, the possibility of further-expanding the
government, was simply too sweet to resist. The ACLU has been attempting to
mobilize their supporters and raise public awareness so that we might pressure
our legislative representatives to pass amendments to this law to repeal
sections 1021 and 1022. So far, there has been little luck with this endeavor.

The biggest difference between the NDAA and the PATRIOT Act isn't necessarily
that the latter was less egregious than the former. It is the fact that when the
Bush Administration proposed the PATRIOT Act, there was a national debate on it.
The bill was passed on its own, the good and the bad were laid out for all to
see, chastise and criticize.

The current administration, on the other hand, took the path of the coward and
quietly allowed these heinous provisions to be passed behind closed doors. They
knew that if they made a separate bill for these provisions, it would never get
any votes in Congress, and the decision would have fractured President Obama's
base, effectively handing the presidency to the Republicans.

Liberty is under siege in this country. Gone are the days when the United States
was a beacon of freedom and liberty for the world. Now, the government is
unilaterally tapping people's phones without any consent while secret courts
hand out secret warrants that authorize law enforcement agencies to break into
people's homes. At this rate, we will soon be fondly remembering the good old
days wherein the PATRIOT Act was the law of the land and government only
scrutinized our private lives when surveillance and warrant issues were at play.

 This is what America has become. Unless this law is repealed, there is little
hope that things will get better.

Four years ago, the ultra-charismatic politician sitting in the White House
painted Americans a Norman Rockwell-esque picture of their country, one that was
full of hope, full of positive change. Instead, he has delivered the exact
opposite-a land of the free no longer.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Stanford Daily: Stanford University

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

Prendergast calls for 'informed activism'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 666 words


U.S. President Barack Obama said student groups were key to putting the
conflicts in Darfur and Sudan on the radar screen of policymakers, according to
John Prendergast, a prominent human rights activist, author and former Director
for African Affairs at the National Security Council. Prendergast spoke Monday
afternoon to a group of 40 Stanford students, staff and community members at the
Arrillaga Family Dining Commons Study Room.

Prendergast praised the efforts of youth and student movements, such as
anti-genocide movement STAND, which has a Stanford chapter, for its advocacy
efforts. He encouraged students who are passionate about activism to use new
media tools to craft personal stories that can mobilize the public and
policymakers.

"I am amazed by criticism that activists have undermined the peace process," he
said. "These groups have had a great deal of influence in putting the issue on
the agenda of policymakers who are the ones responsible."

"Informed activism can make a huge difference," he added. "We cannot tell the
U.S. how to conduct foreign policy but we can help drive its focus on forgotten
human rights issues where literally millions of lives are at stake."

The discussion, titled "Why South Sudan Succeeded and Why Darfur Failed: Lessons
About Activism," is part of a guest lecture series on various human rights
issues by Prendergast, which had its first event last Tuesday and will have its
last event this Thursday. Crothers Global Citizenship, the Vice Provost of
Undergraduate Education and the Residential Education's Charles F. Riddell Fund
co-sponsored the talk.

Prendergast co-founded the Enough Project, an initiative to end genocide, with
Crothers' Resident Fellow Steve Stedman.

Prendergast began his talk by applying what he called the "Four Ps" of external
engagement - consisting of Policy, Personnel, Process and Political Will - to
both Southern Sudan and Darfur.

Prendergast warned that there are still key issues to resolve between Sudan and
Southern Sudan including the distribution of oil revenues, border demarcation
and territory disputes - as well as internal communal fighting in both areas.

However, he considers the formation of Southern Sudan as an independent state to
be a success, crediting it to international pressure and the efforts of the
Obama administration in reasserting a firm U.S leadership role in the region.

"The international community was able to zero in on the essential issue of
self-determination for the people in the south," Prendergast said. "There were a
lot of hiccups, but they essentially got it right."

In comparison, he called the U.S and international involvement in the Darfur
conflict "literally a case study of how not to undertake peace."

"The utterly fatal flaw in Darfur was sending in U.N. [United Nations]
peacekeepers," he said. "The peacekeeping mission had absolutely no impact in
slowing down the crisis, but rather it was a tremendous diversion of effort and
energy."

According to Prendergast, the U.S and the international community should focus
on real democratic transformation in Sudan and dealing with the problems in the
region holistically.

After the talk, audience members posed questions on topics ranging from China's
involvement in the region to the efficacy of foreign intervention.

One of the audience members, community member Gabriel Tor, shared his experience
as a Sudanese who had to escape the country as a child in 1987.

"I think some of the important points were glossed over though," said audience
member and Sudanese student Atheel Elmalik '15. "Some issues like the oil
conflict and Bashir's defiance are very difficult and complicated."

After the discussion, Prendergast provided some inspiration to Stanford students
who asked about becoming involved in activism.

"Find other like-minded students and act with them to build relationships with
other universities and constituencies," he said. "It is all about being part of
something bigger and changing the world one step at a time."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                             The Peak: Simon Fraser

                             January 9, 2012 Monday

Settlement salvation

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 624 words


By Clinton Hallahan

Now that the bickering is done and the SFSS is really, really sorry they used
their own referendum rules and not those of the Canadian Federation of Students,
there is the prickly little issue of a giant lump of money just sitting in a
bank account waiting to make our SFSS dreams come true.

A primer for those with lives: the Simon Fraser Student Society used to be part
of the CFS, a student advocacy group that lobbies for student issues and offer
services to members like Travel Cuts discount trips abroad and student price
cards. Of the opinion that the CFS had become a bloated, corrupt money-sink,
SFSS leaders of days gone by posed a referendum to defederate from the CFS in
2008. After weeks of lobbying that included a robust 'Yes' campaign led by
former president Derrick Harder and an equally robust CFS 'No' side comprised
largely from out-of-province advocates, students voted 67 per cent in favour of
defederation. The CFS contended that the referendum was illegitimate by its own
bylaws, and took the SFSS to court for back dues. The SFSS collected what fees
would have gone to the CFS in case a trial decided against them. That case
settled on December 23, 2011 after more than $450,000 in legal fees.

We don't know how much we had to pay the CFS to settle due to a gag order
attached to the agreement, but the fund totalled around $1.1 million as of the
last SFSS annual general meeting. The pressing question is now how to spend the
savings leftover from the proceedings, and the fees that created it in the first
place. It is no less than the discussion of the next 10 years of the Simon
Fraser Student Society.

I was poised to caution electors about the eventuality of the "lockout
election", an entire cycle dedicated to the rehashing of the labour dispute that
split the campus in two, but suddenly, like it is won't to do, money has changed
everything. With projected solvency and sudden wealth comes new problems.
The original argument was that the services provided by the CFS could be better
and more responsively provided by the SFSS. It's put up or shut up time, and I'm
sure battle lines will be drawn over whether or not to strike the fee from
student's liabilities or to use the money for better services. The former will
sound better on paper, but the money in the bank and the fees to come should
almost certainly be used to bring the SFSS into the future it so richly
deserves.

There will be candidates in the next SFSS election who will equate fiscal
responsibility with saving students the price of a lunch in fees, but they're
missing the point. Suddenly, the wildest dreams of properly funding SFSS
services and expanding others is within reach. Imagine a health plan suddenly
not struggling more with each passing semester. Departmental student unions with
a budget enough not only to stimulate interest and participation, but to
actually hold events of note. Making the Women's Centre, Out on Campus, and
other student spaces deservedly palatial. Heck, maybe we can even get to work on
that student union building everyone thinks is a great idea but we never seem to
get around to. The world is our burrito.

Overnight, what is possible for the SFSS was changed by the settlement witht he
CFS. The next decade may prove to be the most integral since its inception.
Whether we choose to make frivolous purchases and cuts, or make the SFSS a place
where students can come together, solve problems, and make SFU a place people
actually want to be will be the legacy of this board and boards to come. The CFS
defederation gave us some of the most petty, divisive, and vicious years of
politics in our university's history. It's time to set that all aside and make
lemonade after years of lemons.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 348 DOCUMENTS


            The Alestle: Southern Illinois University - Edwardsville

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Strike up a new hobby in your spare time

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 577 words


For students looking to knock a couple back without heading outto the bars,
Cougar Lanes offers a bowling league at 7 p.m.Thursday nights.

Cougar Lanes Manager Steve Siegel said students love the bowlingleague.

"Sometimes we'd have 12, 14 teams a night bowling. It's a reallyfun activity,"
Siegel said.

Siegel said the league used to run on Mondays and Thursdays.

"I guess with the economy, we're just not getting as many as weused to," Siegel
said.

Senior criminal justice major Justin Watson of Divernon said theleague is better
when there are more teams involved.

"It's a lot better if you have more because then you don't haveto bowl the same
people all the time," Watson said.

Junior exercise science major Kevin Ogden of New Baden said heis joining the
league this year.

"I actually work [at Cougar Lanes] so, as an incentive, I get toplay during the
league because I run it on Thursday nights," Ogdensaid. "As of right now, I'll
probably just wait to see if there aresome people that need a team and I'll
probably join with them.Otherwise, I'll just form a team with friends and people
Iknow."

However, Ogden said joining the league is something he would doeven if he did
not work at Cougar Lanes.

"I could come here and bowl and have a little something to dobefore I go home,"
Ogden said. "It's just a lot of fun to get outand get to bowl and have a good
time with different teams."

On league nights, teams bowl three games. Siegel said the leagueleaves time for
students to do other things.

"It's a couple hours of time. It's only six bucks a night forthem to bowl their
three games. That includes their shoes," Siegelsaid. "They're out of here by 9
or 9:30 p.m."

Watson said there is a big variety of people who participate inthe league.

"We're trying to push it more now for faculty and staff to getmore of the
university involved," Watson said. "You get some thathave bowled in high school
but then you get the recreationalplayers who have nothing to do. Then you have
the people who aretrying to get into bowling more."

Ogden, who has bowled in leagues off campus in the past, said heis an average
bowler.

"I can hold my own, but I'm not great," Ogden said.

According to Siegel, bowlers get a handicap based on theiraverage.

"No matter how good or bad you are, the less average you carry,the more pins
handicap you get. When you bowl against each other,it basically evens everybody
out," Siegel said. "Just becauseyou're a good bowler doesn't mean you're going
to win the league.Everybody has a fair chance at it."

Watson said he would tell inexperienced bowlers to go ahead andgive the league a
shot.

"It would give them the experience. You don't have to feeloverwhelmed if someone
does have a 200 average," Watson said. "Itmakes it fair with the handicap. I
know a lot of people get scaredaway because they say they're not a good bowler."

Ogden said while there are some pretty good bowlers in theleague, the handicap
helps keep things even between bowlers ofdifferent skill levels.

"If you're not the best bowler, it's not hard to beat them bybowling your
handicap," Ogden said. "It can be as competitive asyou want or as fun as you
want."

Siegel said the people who have participated in the league inthe past have been
the best form of promotion for the league.

"They all have fun doing it so the first thing they do is telltheir friends and
they recommend it to other people to come bowl inour leagues," Siegel said.
"Word of mouth has been fantasticadvertising for us."

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                Badger Herald: University of Wisconsin - Madison

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday

Wisconsin falls in Rose Bowl for 2nd straight year

BYLINE: Elliot HughesThe Badger Herald

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 924 words


Marcus Cromartie (center) along with Marquis Mason (left) and Alec Lerner
(right) feel the sting of their second consecutive Rose Bowl loss. Cromartie had
47 tackles this season after stepping in to a starting role after Devin Smith
suffered a season-ending injury in week two.[/media-credit]

PASADENA, Calif. - The scoreboard flashed a Rose Bowl record of 83 points, and
more than half a mile's worth of yards were covered. But once the dust settled
in the fourth quarter of the wild west shootout between Oregon and Wisconsin,
there sat a lifeless football along the sideline.

And a Duck landed on it.

The No. 10 Badgers (11-3) dropped their second consecutive Rose Bowl Game,
45-38, to the No. 5 Ducks (12-2) on Jan. 2 amid a vibrant display of offensive
skill.

Driving with nearly four minutes remaining in regulation, University of
Wisconsin wide receiver Jared Abbrederis fumbled just before being run out of
bounds after hauling in a 29-yard pass that would have situated the Badgers
inside the Ducks' 30-yard line.

The ball slipped from his grasp and came to rest near the sideline, where Oregon
linebacker Michael Clay pounced on it.

Wisconsin's defense ultimately managed to give its offense the ball back with 16
seconds left, but with no timeouts the Badgers ran out of time with 25 yards
still to go for the tying score.

"I'm kind of tired of tears of sadness, I want to come out here and experience
tears of joy at some point," UW head coach Bret Bielema said. "I wouldn't trade
any place in the world for that locker room that I have right now, the way that
they continue to persevere. Obviously, it's not an outcome that we're happy
with, it's something that will carry with us for the rest of our lives [and] the
entire coaching career for me."

What might occupy Bielema's mind in the aftermath of the game is an episode in
the third quarter that resulted in the team's second timeout being utilized not
but five minutes into the second half.

Down 35-31 after a 29-yard field goal from Philip Welch, Wisconsin kicked off to
Oregon's De'Anthony Thomas, who kneeled the ball in the endzone with his foot on
the goal line.

Bielema recognized Thomas potentially could have erred to the extent that his
knee would be ruled as a downed ball on the 1-yard line and subsequently a
timeout was taken.

Postgame, Bielema said he asked the referee if the play was reviewable. But
because the official could not answer in time, Wisconsin was charged a timeout
rather than a challenge.

"It looked like the ball was out over the line and I was trying to
ask the official on my sideline if I could challenge," Bielema said.
"Couldn't get the answer, so they called a timeout and actually came
back to me and said because they couldn't give me the information in an
adequate amount of time they weren't going to use that as a challenge,
they were going to use it as a timeout."

In the end, the series of events resulted in Wisconsin getting the ball back
with seconds left in the fourth quarter and no timeouts. On the Ducks' 25-yard
line, the Badgers could not spike the ball before the clock struck zero.

Away from the sidelines, however, was a back-and-forth offensive circus in which
only once did a team score two consecutive touchdowns. The affair featured three
lead changes in the second half and 1,129 yards of combined offense in the game.

Badger quarterback Russell Wilson passed for 296 yards and two touchdowns while
his counterpart, Darron Thomas, threw for 268 yards and three scores for the
Ducks.

UW running back Montee Ball ran for 169 yards and a touchdown, tying Barry
Sanders' single-season NCAA record of 39 in one season. UO back LaMichael James
put up 161 yards and two touchdowns himself, while De'Anthony Thomas crossed the
goal line on both of his two carries and ran for 155 yards.

Wideouts Nick Toon and Abbrederis both eclipsed 100 receiving yards and each
scored for Wisconsin, while Oregon's Lavasier Tuinei caught eight passes for 158
yards and two touchdowns.

Neither defense could stop the other's offense, but in the end it was Oregon who
finished with more points and yards despite having for the ball for 11 fewer
minutes.

"There were plays where we stopped them, we got off the field and there were
plays where we [had] blown coverage and blown assignments," linebacker Mike
Taylor said, who forced a fumble that resulted in a touchdown. "They make you
pay for it; they've got fast guys and when you do that a lot of the time they're
just going to score."

Wisconsin and Oregon knotted up at 28-28 at the half after sledgehammering each
other's defenses for two quarters. Scores included a 38-yard pass from Wilson to
Abbrederis to kick off the day and a 33-yard fumble recovery by defensive end
Louis Nzegwu in the second quarter.

Oregon countered with 91 and 54-yard strikes of their own in the highest scoring
half of any previous Rose Bowl.

While yards continued to pile up in the second half, points eventually slowed
somewhat. Wisconsin outscored Oregon in the second quarter but was shut out,
10-0, in the fourth.

Despite winning the third-down conversion battle, Wisconsin's offense was slowed
and stopped in important moments in the second half. The Badgers committed both
of their turnovers in the period, and after gaining 123 yards in the first half,
Ball was held to just 47 in the second.

"They started to come down pretty fast, their safeties - as soon as I got the
ball, going through the hole, they were right there in front of me, within three
yards," Ball said. "...Other than that, we fell out of rhythm a couple times."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                Badger Herald: University of Wisconsin - Madison

                             January 1, 2012 Sunday

Cracking the code on Sector67

SECTION: ARTSETC; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 857 words


Tucked away in a warehouse on the Near East Side lies Sector67, Madison's own
hacker space. Officially dubbed a Center for Prototyping, Technology and
Advanced Manufacturing, the mystery of just what goes on at Sector67 remains
even after stepping through the nondescript door.

Although the middle of the industrial space is filled with a conference table
and haphazard chairs, heavy machinery and other toys for tinkerers lay just out
of sight. In one nook sits 3D printers and CNC milling machines, and in another
lurks a welding area. Down the hallway is a shared office space, and just beyond
that is a computer lab with a 3D scanner. Sewing machines, electric saws,
oscilloscopes, and plenty of tools and half-done projects adorn the space as
well.

So what is Sector67? Founder and recent University of Wisconsin grad Chris Meyer
puts it this way: "Think about it as gym club for people who like to do and
build stuff."

When Meyer was an undergraduate, no such club existed.

"As a student, I always entered invention competitions and that kind of thing,
but I never really had any workspace that I could use off-campus or on the
weekends," he said. "So when I graduated, I wanted to create a space that other
people could come in and use to do stuff and build stuff and have the necessary
tools and equipment."

He wrote up a business plan for just such a space and entered it into the
Wisconsin School of Business' G. Steven Burrill Business Plan Competition as a
non-profit organization. After winning second place in that competition and
third place in the Governor's Business Plan Contest, Meyer opened Sector67
("Sector" was inspired by the Argonne National Laboratory, "67"; is the number
of members needed to remain cash flow positive). He opened the space in October
2010, just a few months after receiving his master's in engineering from UW.

He labeled Sector67 as both a community workspace and hacker space but is quick
to clarify what that means.

"It's not like getting in and stealing someone's credit card information; it's
getting in and taking an object and repurposing it for something else," he
explained. "A hacker space is people who are interested in taking something and
then reapplying it to something it was never intended for."

While many members engage in Meyer's definition of hacking at the space in such
ways as using an Xbox Kinect as a large-scale 3D scanner, bike chains as art
supplies or Styrofoam to make high-altitude balloons, hacking is just one of
many things that goes on there.

When asked what a typical day was like at Sector67, Meyer replied with a smile,
"There's no such thing."

The membership fee grants members access to all of the supplies and machinery
that they've been trained in, meaning someone could be throwing pottery, working
on a car engine, programming a circuit board or building a dining room set on
any given day. For those not making or building physical things, Sector67 has
both rental office space in the "business incubator" and an (almost) quiet
workspace.

"A typical day could be nice and quiet with folks in the business incubator.
Another typical day could be someone comes in and is fixing their car exhaust or
something and so you've got a grinder running and a welder and all sorts of
noise," Meyer said. "What's cool about the space is it's highly dependent on
what the members are interested in."

And what are the members interested in? Project-filled Rubbermaid bins and a
towering shelf holding each member's supplies paint a diverse picture.

"We have a 12-year-old member that's working on building a single-serving muffin
machine," Meyer said. "We've got aluminum casting equipment because one of the
members is really into learning casting and foundry work."

One member is programming a remote control to turn on and off electrical sockets
on a timer, and another is working to restore a three-wheeled electric car. Then
there's the tech start-up running out of the business incubator and the artist
who welds his recycled art at the space.

"It's pretty variable, and that's a lot of the fun part of it," Meyer said.

For members, Sector67 provides both a space to work on projects and the tools
necessary to start them. But the space has resources for nonmembers as well.

Besides being involved with the community by doing projects for local groups
like the Madison Children's Museum and the non-profit Dream Bikes, the space
offers courses in such topics as automotive repair, circuit board sketching and
software engineering, all with enrollment open to anyone who is interested.

Although the space is still young and continuing to evolve, Meyer is optimistic
about the future.

"Sector67 may go a lot of different directions and do a lot of different
things," he said. "But we're certainly interested in any opportunity to build
cool stuff."

As for the immediate future, Meyer and other Sector67 members are happy to take
on whatever projects strike their fancy. As Meyer put it, "It just kind of
depends on the day and what comes up."

Sector67 is located at 2100 Winnebago Street. For more information on classes,
hours and membership, check out their website atwww.sector67.org.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The University Times: Trinity College

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday

You'll (still) Never Walk Alone

SECTION: UT SPORT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 633 words


Sorry. No data so far.

Luis Suarez's amateur genealogy has landed the club in hot water in recent weeks

Cal Gray

Staff Writer & Unfortunate Liverpool Fan

It's not easy. That's point number one. As I write this, Liverpool are sixth in
the table. Our main strike force consists of Andy Carroll, a man who has hit the
woodwork so frequently that he could be mistaken for a bad carpenter, and Luis
Suarez, who's serving an 8 match ban for a contentious altercation with Patrice
Evra. Amongst our subs we have such match winners as Dirk 'The Horse' Kuyt,
Martin 'Rice Cakes' Kelly and Jon 'A for Effort' Flanagan.

Now don't get me wrong, we have truly world class players in Steven Gerrard,
when he's not under the knife, Jamie Carragher, a man whose biological makeup is
90% steel, and Pepe Reina who would put himself in front of a train if you asked
him to, but things aren't going well for our standards.

Our manager is Kenny Dalglish, probably the best player ever to wear a Liverpool
jersey, and a ?ne manager to us now, hence why a top 4 ?nish looks within our
reach, and come May I hope we'll be preparing for the Champion's League. But for
now the priority has to be stringing some results together, and ?nding a striker
who knows where the net is.

But that doesn't matter.

When I was growing up, Liverpool were ending their reign as English and European
kings. In fact as soon I was born, Liverpool stopped winning the league. Their
record breaking 18th league title was in the '89-'90 season. Manchester United
won their 19th title in 2011; this was a big kick in the testicles. In 2005,
Liverpool won the Champion's League in the most amazing manner. I don't need to
tell you about that night in Istanbul, you all know the fairytale, and have
watched the DVD. (Steven Gerrard again proving he's worth ?fty times his weight
in some material more valuable than gold.) The following season, '05-'06
Liverpool won the F.A. Cup (Steven Gerrard again) and that's when the trophies
stopped.

But that doesn't matter.

It's a bizarre emotion that goes with supporting Liverpool F.C. It's a mix of
expectancy, complacency, inevitable disappointment and eternal hope come August.
The neighbours don't help. Across the river you'll ?nd the bitter rivals who
wear blue and ironically sold you your house, but they're only small ?sh. Then,
a bit up the road, you have the arch enemies, who wear red, who you meet all too
frequently, and the world watches on. The arch enemies who stole your favourite
record, and look bound to steal your others. And wow do they hate you, they even
talk about you when you're not around. They're clearly obsessed. And there are
new ones popping up all the time as money comes into the neighborhood.

There are the new rich boys who wear light blue, who also hate your arch
enemies, which is always nice, except when they're buying every player that has
legs. And then there's that Russian family who live much further down the road,
who stole your favorite family member. But then he contracted no-goal-itis so
it's okay.

But that doesn't matter.

Home is where the heart is, and our home may be smaller than all the other's,
but it's quite a place to be. A place that can send the chills up your spine as
soon as you walk in, a place where you know everyone is family. The pictures on
our walls aren't bad either, especially that one everyone likes to touch. It's a
place with so much sentimental value, you feel like you belong there as soon as
you take your seat. I mean sure, the neighbours have bigger houses, and more
money, and they're doing better in the league, but when we're home, on a big
European night, and "You'll Never Walk Alone" starts playing over the
sound system, there's no where else you'd rather be.

Football is not a matter of life or death; it's much more than that.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         Brock Press: Brock University

                             January 9, 2012 Monday

Electro-Motive locks out employees

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 332 words


Ringing in the new year in London, ON, locomotive plant Electro-Motive
locked-out 420 CAW members after new contract talks collapsed on Jan. 1. The
plant was bought back in 2010 by Caterpillar's subsidiary Progress Rail as part
of a 820 million dollar deal.

The previous contract with the Canada Automotive Worker Union members had
previously held with the locomotive expired on Dec. 31. New contract talks ended
in a final offer from Caterpillar that would cut wages and benefits of the
workers in half and eliminate pensions. Reports show that for most employees
this cut would mean a lowering in hourly wages from $34 per-hour to $16.50
per-hour - over a 50 per cent pay cut.

Though CAW London was declined to comment, CAW President Ken Lewenza wrote in a
statement that corporate greed was at fault for the lock-out, and that this is a
serious attack on working people and their families in London.

"Caterpillar may be one of the richest corporations to ask for the deepest of
cuts," said Lewenza's statement.

The CAW is asking that the Federal Government release the terms and conditions
made during the 2010 purchase of Electro-Motive by Caterpillar. Caterpillar said
in a statement that the collective agreement reached by Electro-Motive and CAW
Local 27 expired on Dec. 31, however new terms have yet to be agreed upon.
Caterpillar has said that CAW members will be barred from the train
manufacturing plant until a ratified contract has been agreed upon.

CAW said in their statement that employees had planned on returning to work on
their first scheduled shift after the holiday shut down. Lewenza said that
though there was a 97 per cent vote in favour of striking if necessary, CAW
members had hoped that a strike could have been averted.

Premier Dalton McGuinty, in a statement, urged both sides to moderate and come
up with a solution, even offering a government provided mediator. The federal
Conservatives have declined comment on the issue, and Caterpillar was likewise
unavailable.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Stanford Daily: Stanford University

                           January 11, 2012 Wednesday

Bennett-Smith: Inject steroid users into Hall of Fame

BYLINE: Miles Bennett-Smith

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 995 words


I will not lie-it gives me great pleasure to see Timothy Richard Tebow do his
damn thing. I laugh in the face of Stephen A. Smith, much like Skip Bayless will
do every morning this week on ESPN's First Take.

I jumped on the Tebow bandwagon early on, when young Timmy was only just
beginning to learn how much hate could be piled upon someone so seemingly
undeserving of detestation. But the story of how Tim shocked the world by taking
the Pittsburgh Steelers (albeit a depleted Steelers team) out behind the shed is
neither here nor there.

Instead I would like to get an early start with my attempts to convince 573 of
the stubbornest, most irritable, least compromising, nostalgic old fogies this
side of Mount Crumpit-the Baseball Writer's Association of America-that Major
League Baseball's Hall of Fame has a responsibility to open its doors to many of
the players whose careers have been tainted by playing in The Asterisk Era.

Barry Larkin was voted into the HOF, and his election is a nice story. Larkin is
clearly deserving, posting solid career numbers and earning a reputation as a
clubhouse leader.

But this year's ballot pales in comparison to next year's, when several of the
greatest players in history are eligible-all of whom have at least tangential
ties to steroid use: Barry Bonds, Roger Clemens, Sammy Sosa, Mike Piazza, Curt
Schilling and Craig Biggio.

Even a brief look at the stats reveals that among those six players, three might
be the best at their position-ever.

Putting aside any question of steroid use, Bonds flat out abused pitchers
throughout his entire career. He won seven MVP awards-four more than anyone
else-and ended his career with eight Gold Glove Awards and 12 Silver Slugger
Awards.

Bonds is the all-time home run leader (762), walk leader (2558) and came
tantalizingly close to 3,000 hits and 2,000 RBI coming up just short of each.

Oh, and he used steroids.

Clemens won seven Cy Young Awards, two World Series Championship and an MVP
award (and we saw how difficult it is for pitchers to win MVP awards). He is one
of just four pitchers to have more than 4,000 strikeouts, and also won over 350
games in a 23-year career.

And he was injected several times with performance enhancing drugs, in the butt.

Let's look at Piazza, without question the best hitting catcher the game has
ever seen. Playing what is notoriously the most difficult position for hitters
to play because of the constant grind and nature of taking a beating for nine
innings every night, Piazza hit .308 with 427 home runs and a career OPS of
.922. Those are first ballot, sure thing, no-doubt-about-it numbers.

But he is suspected of taking steroids.

While Schilling only won 216 games and has borderline numbers for Cooperstown in
the regular season, his ability to rise above when it mattered most in the
postseason would ordinarily make him almost certainly a Hall of Famer.

Except he might have been juicing.

And with 3,000 hits, 250 home runs and 400 steals and outstanding defense at
four positions, Biggio shouldn't have to worry about much beyond who to thank
when they unveil his bronze bust.

But he, too, is lumped right in with the rest of many of the best players of the
era, and will have a steep uphill battle to the 75-percent of the vote required
to gain entry.

I am not in any way apologizing for those players who used steroids. What they
did was wrong and they all had the choice to steer clear of "the clear" or avoid
the "flax seed oils." But we cannot afford to act as if this situation is unique
in baseball's history, and it certainly does not warrant the knee-jerk reactions
many writers have voiced.

Like many sports, baseball has undergone many changes throughout the years. I
mean, the spitball was not outlawed until 1920, and was still in wide use
through the 1960s. The minimum home-run distance in ballparks was raised in
1925- to 250 feet.

I can go on to talk about dropping the pitcher's mound a whopping five inches in
1969, along with shrinking the strike zone. No African Americans were on major
league rosters until 1947. A brand-new position was added to the American League
as recently as 1973. Seriously.

And yet people aren't clamoring to throw out the outstanding statistics put up
by pitchers when the mound was high and the balls weren't changed out every
pitch. Or the offensive stats from American League players that benefited
because they had a professional hitter inserted into the lineup and no longer
had to rely on their pitcher to bat in games.

One of the prevailing wisdoms circulating has it that Bonds might stand a better
chance to eventually make it in because it is assumed that he only began using
steroids about halfway through his career and his stats before that time were
nearly deserving on their own. But the Boston Globe's Dan Shaughnessy says that
as in golf, cheating on the back nine gets you disqualified even if the front
nine is clean.

Come on, Shaughnessy.

You cannot compare golf and baseball. And you cannot expect me to believe that
these six players were in the minority of players taking steroids. I've met many
former pros that tell me that everyone was doing it, and the league was also
looking the other way until very recently.

The players were not victims, and their choices have tainted themselves and the
sport. But I believe that the only fair way to look at this era is not to remove
two decades from the record books, nor attach asterisks to the players' names
who have been convicted of taking PEDs or admitted to doing so.

Rather, we must accept that this was an era just like the dead-ball era, and
continue to respect that the best players deserve to be enshrined. I hope to see
Bonds and company right alongside other notorious "cheaters" like Gaylord Perry
or John McGraw the next time I find myself in Cooperstown.

Miles would vote Tebow into the Hall of Fame if he took steroids, too. Send him
your thoughts atmilesbs "at" stanford.edu and check him out on Twitter "at"
smilesbsmith.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                   The Utah Statesman: Utah State University

                            January 13, 2012 Friday

"Invisible Wall" is poignant

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 807 words


There are romance novels, there are history books, there are are adventure
stories, and then there is "The Invisible Wall," a memoir that doesn't seem to
stick to one genre.

The incredibly told narrative of Harry Bernstein's childhood in England is
storytelling masterpiece. Whether he's describing the suicide of a young World
War I veteran or the lack of a soul in his father, Bernstein's imagery and
details leave nothing to be desired.

The story follows young Bernstein as a 5-year-old at the onset of the war. He
lives in a small English mill town divided by anti-Ssemitism. The town is
literally split down the middle, with Jews living on one side of the street and
Christians living on the other.

Being told by a small Jewish boy gives the entire story an interesting
perspective on growing up among extreme hatred. He doesn't understand why him
and his brothers are beat up on their way home from school or why the woman who
owns the store across the street gives him dirty looks when he comes in to buy
candy. He simply knows that being a Jew means being scorned.

At first, Harry understands very little of the reasoning behindof why he does
what he does. As a child, he is content to be a follower, to respect the
sasbbath and to attend "cheder," a traditional Jewish school that taught the
basics of Judaism and Hebrew. As he grows, he, like many of us, is forced to see
different viewpoints that conflict with his beliefs.

As Harry gets older and the war carries on, he begins to see signs of the two
sides of his neighborhood crossing over and causing ripples throughout the
culture of the small town. His neighbor Sarah is sent to Australia after her
parents hear news of her involvement with a "batesema," or a non-Jjew. For those
practicing Hasidic Judaism, marrying outside the faith is often the equivalent
of death. This knowledge strikes fear into hearts of many parents around the
town.

Without her parents knowledge, Harry's sister Lily becomes involved with a
Christian boy named Arthur. The only person who knows the extent of herthe
relationship is Harry, who promises to keep the secret safe from the ears of his
parents.

When Arthur is sent to war, Harry's mother schemes to involve Lily with the
young rabbi of the town. Much to her dismay, Lily refuses his interest, waiting
for her true love to return. Twisted into a plot based on acceptance and
religious conflict, the love story between Arthur and Lily proves to be one of
the most intriguing parts of the book. It's a modern day "Romeo and Juliet,"
with an end just as heartbreaking.

It wasn't until the afterword of the book that I realized Bernstein didn't
publish the "The Invisible Wall" until he was 96 years old. Bernstein said
people have questioned how he remembered details from nearly 90 years before. In
response, he asked them how he could forget his father's drunken rages or his
sister's screaming when she was dragged out the door by her hair. The memories
were etched permanently into his mind, and now are etched into the minds are
thousands of readers across the country.

One story line that appears more quietly than the others is that of Harry's
father. It took me reading between the lines to understand the profound effect
that his father's actions had on him. Born into a destitute family, Harry's
father began working in a slaughter house at 5 years old. By the time he was 12,
he was a heavy drinker. In his teenage years, he came home and tormented his
family, eventually causing them to move to the countryside one day while he was
at work.

There is not one point in the story that he showsportrays any love, or
acceptance for his children. Unlike most of the caring, Jewish fathers in the
town, his story is one of mental illness. Because he was never shown love, he
simply doesn't have the ability to care. Through his childhood, Harry watches
his father drink and gamble away his money, leaving his wife and children
hungry. Even as an adult, Harry has little emotion for his father. He was simply
a figurehead.

While the book is set the in early 20th century, the ideas that it carries are
timelessuniversal. It pits love against religion, a conflict that has been alive
since the beginning of time. While the literal war rages in the countries around
him, Harry is at war with himself. His culture will not allow him to remain
faithful to his family and his religion, forcing him to make incredible choices
at a young age.

While readers will find some bias in the story, it's definitely a read I would
suggest. It portrays a culture that was pivotal at the turn of the century.
While it's not to the same extent, I guarantee readers from the area in which we
live in will be able draw parallels to their own lives. Sit down and finish this
one on a rainy day, I promise you'll learn something about yourself.

-allee.evensen@aggiemail.usu.edu

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             The California Aggie: University of California - Davis

                           January 18, 2012 Wednesday

Redevelopment agencies to be dissolved by Feb. 1

SECTION: CITY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 537 words


The California Supreme Court recently ruled on two state assembly bills
regarding the status of the state's redevelopment agencies.

The California Supreme Court decided on Dec. 29 to uphold Assembly Bill 26 (AB1X
26) and to strike down Assembly Bill 27 (AB1X 27).

AB1X 26 eliminates redevelopment agencies while AB1X 27 would have allowed
redevelopment agencies to continue operating, provided they make payments to
schools and special districts every year, that is, $1.7 billion this fiscal year
and $400 million onward.

"If a political entity has been created by the legislature, it can be dissolved
by the legislature, barring some specific constitutional obstacle," said the
Supreme Court in a statement.

According to the California Redevelopment Association , under state law,
redevelopment agencies have the specific goal of revitalizing deteriorated areas
in cities and counties. The agencies replace and upgrade infrastructure such as
streets, water lines and sewers, fund affordable housing, provide community
facilities and clean-up contaminated properties.

In response to AB1X 26, the CRA has called out to its members to take immediate
action to reestablish redevelopment.

"Without immediate legislative action to fix this disaster, this ruling is a
tremendous blow to local job creation and economic advancement," said CRA Board
President Julio Fuentes in a statement.

The CRA said the ruling of AB1X 26 will result in hundreds of thousands of jobs
lost.

"We have ideas for ways to restore redevelopment while also providing the state
budgetary relief," said CRA's Interim Executive Director Jim Kennedy in a
statement.

The Davis City Council has promptly reacted to the dissolution of redevelopment
agencies by deciding at its Jan. 10 meeting to become the successor to the Davis
Redevelopment Agency. In other words, the city council will take over the role
of the soon-to-be dissolved local redevelopment agency.

"Becoming a successor agency makes the most sense," said Davis Councilmember Dan
Wolk in an e-mail. "Although there are some risks in doing so, this would give
the city a greater level of control over how the redevelopment agency's
obligations and assets are handled as it dissolves."

The staff report states the council believes the legislature's decision to
dissolve redevelopment agencies and the Supreme Court's decision to uphold this
legislation does not serve the council's goals of fiscal stability, community
strength and effectiveness and economic development.

"In Davis, redevelopment has done a lot of good, particularly with respect to
affordable housing, limiting growth on our periphery and infrastructure," Wolk
said. "I hope that all the parties in Sacramento are able to work together to
fashion a solution that preserves some of the benefits of redevelopment."

Most recently, new legislation has been proposed to postpone the Feb. 1 deadline
to April 15, allowing for agencies to negotiate with Gov. Jerry Brown and the
legislature to keep reconfigured redevelopment agencies.

"I understand where the legislature and governor are coming from on
redevelopment," Wolk said. "In a time of budget crisis, redevelopment agencies
are a prime target."

CLAIRE TAN can be reached at city@theaggie.org

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                       The Towerlight: Towson University

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Success of Colbert shows GOP candidates' weakness

BYLINE: Jonathan Munshaw, Assistant News Editor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 541 words


Comedy Central icon and host of The Colbert Report Stephen Colbert is at it
again. Much like he did back in 2007, the pop culture icon is running for
president.

That is, in South Carolina.

In 2007, Colbert announced that he was running for president, but he was only
able to run in South Carolina as a Republican.

However, he didn't want to spend the $25,000 entry fee to the Republicans and
instead tried to pay $2,500 to the Democratic party, but they denied Colbert
from the ballot, and after three weeks of campaigning and one ad aired, Colbert
decided to cut his run short for the presidency.

Colbert has thrown his name into the ring a second time, but under the alias
Herman Cain.

Cain's name is on the ballot in South Carolina since the ballot was made prior
to Cain dropping out of the race, and Colbert said that to avoid paying fees, he
encouraged South Carolina voters to vote for Cain, which would reflect a vote
for Colbert.

Colbert created a Super PAC, a non-profit organization that is permitted by the
United States Government to collect an unlimited amount of money and spend it on
whatever they'd like, back in 2010, and he has since changed control of the PAC
over to his counterpart on Comedy Central, Jon Stewart.

Stewart used the money in the PAC to make a commercial that has aired in South
Carolina campaigning for Herman Cain, but showing Colbert's face to try to
garner votes for the pundit.

The fact that people are paying attention to his race just shows how lacking the
Republicans are in a strong candidate to run against Obama this year.

According to a poll by Public Policy Polling, Colbert had more votes in South
Carolina that Jon Huntsman, who dropped out of the race two days after the
projected polls in South Carolina were released.

Colbert's ratings have also increased by about a half a million viewers since he
announced his candidacy, according to Nielsen Ratings.

If people truly had their mind set on say a Mitt Romney or Newt Gingrich, they
wouldn't even entertain the possibility of using their vote on a comedian.

Colbert is sort of the anti-candidate, who points out the flaws in all of the
other candidates on his show, rather than stating what he could do better, and
that seems to be what voters want.

Even the real candidates during the Myrtle Beach Republican Debate the night of
January 16th did nothing but gang up on one another.

Colbert's increasing popularity also shows who is voicing their unhappiness with
the current candidates.

The majority of Colbert and Stewart's viewers are teenagers and young adults,
and their support of someone who has no political experience shows that they are
still looking for the candidate that can interest them.

Colbert strikes a chord with the younger crowd, since he uses humor to get this
point across, and the other candidates, especially the older ones such as
Gingrich and Ron Paul, have no way of reaching out to younger viewers.

While the Republican candidates may not be taking Colbert's campaign seriously,
and while he has no chance of winning South Carolina, they should still take
this as a wake-up call that they need to start reaching out to voters who are
underwhelmed by their current performance, or else it won't matter who wins the
Republican nomination.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                the Inkwell: Armstrong Atlantic State University

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Wired: 'Star Wars' franchise strikes back

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1021 words


Wired is a column by video game enthusiast Kyle Dobson, a senior majoring in
English at Armstrong. His views do not necessarily reflect those of the
editorial board.

I've personally never been a fan of massively multiplayer online role playing
games. I'm always highly critical of games like "World of Warcraft," because
they are never appealing to my style of play. I like engrossing myself in games
with a great story, in-depth and interesting characters, and playing for the
purpose of having a great single-player experience.

That being said, as the release of "Star Wars: The Old Republic" quickly
approached Dec. 20, I faced the predicament of wanting to purchase the game
because I love "Star Wars," - I've seen all the movies and played all the games
- but the idea of the new game being an MMO was a major turn off. But all I
needed was a few short hours with the game, and I was sold.

Game developer Bioware and publisher Electronic Arts did a fantastic job of
kicking the game off with jaw-dropping cinematic effects.

Players will experience the sudden invasion of the planet Korriban by the Sith,
but after choosing an allegiance with either the empire or the republic, players
subsequently get a different cinematic experience that sets the character's
stage as you're planted into the galaxy of "Star Wars."

All the cinematic effects showcase different character classes and their
abilities. Both can be unlocked and utilized in the game. Essentially, it is a
great device to get players pumped about the gameplay.

As with any MMO, character creation is important to the players and overall
process of the game. Players are able to choose from different races, including,
everything from Sith and cyborgs to humans. Additionally, players are tasked
with picking their profession, whether it's a jedi knight, jedi consular, sith
warrior, sith inquisitor, bounty hunter, imperial agent, smuggler or a trooper.

Players can also customize their characters' hair, face, body type and facial
features. Although there is a great deal of freedom and variety in terms of
uniquely customizing your character, there are so many other great races that
are unusable in character creation.

Hopefully, there will be a patch that gives players an opportunity to utilize
other races in forging their characters. The eight character stories are all
unique and actually drove me to start over numerous times to see the story
progression of each selectable character. In that sense, replay value for the
game is incredibly high.

The game begins with the classic yellow rolling text and iconic "Star Wars"
music to give a brief description of your created character and its purpose in
the galaxy. The game doesn't incorporate a formal tutorial to familiarize
players with the controls. Instead, it utilizes a tip system that lets players
navigate an options menu if they have any questions about controls, quests or
anything else related to the game's function. This feature could be a negative
aspect to someone unfamiliar with MMO controls. However, as a whole, the lack of
a tutorial system is not inhibiting to the point of utter frustration.

Combat and leveling appear very similar to previous MMOs. Strong-force users
like the jedi consular and sith inquisitor have a "mana" bar that refills over
time, but jedi knight and sith warrior classes must frequently mash a button to
increase their force, a trade-off that lets them cash in more powerful attacks.

Mashing a button to build force for attacks can become annoying, but it creates
a more engaging combat system.

In terms of leveling, players gain experience from combat, completing quests and
updating their codex. After level 10, characters are able to select an advanced
class that branches in two different directions. For example, sith inquisitors
can either become a sorcerer with healing and ranged specializations or an
assassin with a dual-bladed lightsaber. These specializations give players a
choice about what role they would like to take on in the "Star Wars" universe.

Deciding on roles to heal, tank, deal damage per second or a mixture of these
becomes incredibly important as the game progresses, and without a doubt affects
further game play. More importantly though, these decisions determine the role a
player assumes when completing group quests, heroics, flashpoints and
operations, which are extremely difficult quests that require two or more
players to complete.

The quests don't stray far from your standard kill and collect formula present
in many other MMOs. Although the task of quest grinding can become tiresome,
"The Old Republic" distinguishes itself by having quests that are meaningful,
interesting and plausible - they don't break up the flow of the game.

There are also some interesting dialogue options, but they have purely cosmetic
effects on your character and little effect on the story itself.

I was particularly drawn to "The Old Republic" because Bioware, in the past, has
made a name for itself with their mesmerizing storytelling abilities. The MMO is
no different. Each character and nonplayable character in the game is
individually voiced. Also, the characters encountered throughout the game all
have a personality and reveal their motivations or intentions to the player
through incredibly well-crafted dialogue. This feature adds freshness and
longevity to the game, something that should keep players interested and willing
to complete a quest over again without it becoming boring. This aspect of the
game is powerful enough to draw in new players not particularly familiar with
MMOs.

As a whole, "Star Wars: The Old Republic" is a well-crafted MMO. The game
effortlessly meshes familiar MMO game play with Bioware's invigorating
storytelling and character development to create a complete gaming package.
Players have the ability to pursue romances and meaningful relationships with
their companions, acquiring personal starships, player versus player combat, a
system for crafting gear, equipment and items, as well as engaging in space
combat, makes players feel as though they are truly a part of the vast "Star
Wars" universe.12

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The University Times: Trinity College

                           January 21, 2012 Saturday

Lecturers break with Croke Park agreement over staff redundancies

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 975 words


Sorry. No data so far.

IFUT General Secretary Mike Jennings

The Irish Federation of University Teachers told The University Times on Friday
that they were "stalling all further engagement with the Croke Park Agreement
process" in the wake of compulsory redundancies in Trinity College. The
announcement is expected to be made official with a press release on Sunday
evening.

Two lecturers represented by the union in the School of Social Work and Social
Policy were made involuntarily redundant in 2011, one on June 30th and another
on December 29th. Another union staff member in the library was issued with a
notice of compulsory redundancy this week after protracted negotiation with the
college.

The three staff members were on contracts known as 'contracts of indefinite
duration' (CIDs). Under the Protection of Employees (Fixed-Term Work) Act 2003
an employee is entitled to a CID after working one or more fixed-term contracts
for a continuous period of four years. The lecturing staff had been employed by
the university for at least ten years, The University Times understands, with
one substantially exceeding this.

Speaking toThe University Times IFUT General Secretary Mike Jennings said, "two
people have already been made redundant and a third person has been issued with
redundancy notice. This is completely unacceptable and has caused a lot of
hardship for all involved."

He also said that the staff members involved had received letters of support
from inside the Department of Education. The Department has yet to come out with
an official stance and any outcome promises to have widespread ramifications for
relations between the public sector and the government.

The cases are subject to ongoing Labour Relations Commission proceedings where
IFUT are expected to argue that college was obliged to provide an alternative
position to the permanent staff members should their current position expire.
College may attempt to draw a distinction between permanent contracts inside the
university - with many permanent staff on contracts of definite duration which
state that employment continues until a specified retirement date.

Another point of contention is the wording of the employees' contracts. The
documents say that the positions are "supported" by a specific stream of
"non-core funding". The letters of dismissal issues by the college to the staff
members said that the positions were conditional upon this funding. The two
sides in the dispute will likely debate the meaning of these terms.

Croke Park Agreement

The Croke Park Public Service Agreement is a non-legally binding deal between
the Irish government and public sector sector unions. The Agreement is of
enormous political significance and acts as the mechanism for implementing
austerity measures and reform tied to the EU-IMF bailout without the threat of
widespread industrial action. Minister for Public Expenditure Brendan Howlin
confirmed the government's support for the Agreement at the end of December,
saying "it is working, and it is common sense to keep it."

IFUT initially did not sign up to the Croke Park Agreement, citing the "loose
wording" of the document. They agreed to participate in the process after
clarifying the implications of the document to their satisfaction with the
Department of Education in 2011.

The most significant concessions from public sector unions in the agreement were
to enhance productivity and flexbility in work practices and reduce the number
employed in the public service on a non-replacement basis. In exchange the
government agreed not to introduce any further pay cuts or serve permanent
public sector staff with notices of compulsory redundancy.

Previous Labour Court rulings, in addition to employment guidelines offered by
government bodies the National Employment Rights Authority and Citizens
Information, indicate that CIDs are permanent contracts. In addition Provost
Patrick Prendergast reaffirmed this when questioned on the status of the
contracts during the course of the recent election campaign.

In the wake of the redundancies the Head of the School for Social Policy, Eoin
O'Sullivan, circulated an e-mail among staff members in the school saying that
he and his predecessor had repeatedly told staff on CIDs that they were
permanent because this was the indication given by college.

An Irish Universities Association statement issued in the wake of the Croke Park
Agreement in 2010 denied that the agreement "casualised university labour". In
the process the IUA "[sought] to establish that tenure is consistent with the
established corpus of employment law and, in that context, refers to the
duration of contract." These compulsory redundancies are likely to re-open the
debate about the nature of tenure and job security in universities.

The University Times understands that the positions occupied by the staff fall
under the remit of "non-core funding". They were tied to specific streams of
"non-core funding" but it is unclear whether this funding was derived from
public or private funds. The phrase "external funding" was used by College in
correspondence with the staff members and IFUT. A request to the College to
define "non-core funding" and clarify the nature of the funding for these
positions was declined.

In the past core-funding has referred to the funding provided by the students
enrolled in the college - although how this has been allocated within the
college has varied. As of July 26th, 2011 the college had 2,860 full-time staff,
of which 1,726 were deemed to be "core-funded".

College declined to respond to a series of questions asked by The University
Times in the interests of "staff confidentiality". "Some of the matters raised
are subject to ongoing Labour Relations Commission proceedings which is the
appropriate forum, but which also precludes the College from further comment."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                University Chronicle: St Cloud State University

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday

Meanwhile, at failure's land: A reflection on the role of failure

BYLINE: Jason Tham

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 780 words


TweetEmailTweetEmail

Imagine yourself in a room.

By looking around the room you'll find the walls posted with countless
photographs. In one corner there is a loveseat. The photos wrap the walls of
this room like a giant collage. The faces on these photographs are familiar to
you; some of them were taken with your best friends at high school, some with
your parents, and some by yourself.

It is almost creepy to look at these photographs as the people in there are
looking right at you. Unlike those cheesy pictures that you have posted on your
Facebook album recently, these people don't seem very friendly. They are staring
at you, piercing through your restless body, hitting directly into your inner
soul. You tried to look away from these vicious eyes, and there you found an
outlet - a dusty glass window built immediately next to the door where you just
came in.

You can't see through the dusty, rusty window. But you know the only way to get
a gasp of fresh air is to open up that very window. You pause for a second, yet
refuse. You retreat into the loveseat, and lay your head down low...

How many times have we looked into our past and wished that we could have done
something better to change our life story, given a chance to replay the scenes?

How many times have we said to ourselves, "Sorry, but this time you've really
failed"?

I asked those questions to myself so very often in my little, imperfect life.

As you may have already realized, failure is inevitable. Life is difficult. Yet
no one wakes up each day trying to fail at life. If none of us aim to fail, what
are the purposes of the existence of failures?

Failures affect in many aspects of our lives. First, it shakes a person's
accountability and integrity. I know, integrity is a big word. However, I
believe we all want to be associated with others as a person who can be counted
on, trustworthy, and more likely than not, an honest person.

Yet when failure strikes, we become the questioners of our own character. We
start to interrogate ourselves to see if we are actually "good enough" for
others.

Failures also affect courage. As Paul Hurckman, executive director at Venture
Expedition, said, "Courage differs from bravery. Courage comes from within; it
is something that we deal with ourselves first before displaying some kind of
bravery in a circumstance." When we fail, we again question our ability on
performing certain tasks. And that courage that was in ourselves begins to fade
when we start to believe that, "no, I am not good at doing such and such
things."

Finally, failures hold up our growth, spiritually and communally. Some people
may blame the people around them for their failures. They blame their friends,
the government, teachers, parents and the higher power for their own flops. As a
result, the community is affected, and the failing person is detached from their
societal values and spiritual beliefs.

But, low and behold, we are all good actors.

Every day, we put up our big face and hopeful grins to handle life. My friend,
we need to wake up from that loveseat.

Even though failure is hatefully inevitable, we need to fail. You heard it
right, that is the whole point of its existence. Especially in this phase of our
lives, weneed to fail. Failures bring opportunities to go further.

Before going further, we need to first open up that dusty window in our tiny
room of shame and disappointment. We all have choices. While you used to just
keep all the trash in this growing room of yours, now is the time to set
yourself free.

Do not suppress what is inside, be it guilt, sadness, or frustrations. We need
to let the sunlight shine through. And yes it takes a lot of courage to do so.
Nonetheless, being courageous doesn't mean that you're perfect. It is a sign of
enormous strength because you are stepping up to do something, something risky
that you know has no guarantee for success.

"Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It is the courage to continue
that counts," Hurckman said.

Keeping that pretty face isn't going to help us stay alive for very long. Open
up, because the very broken stuff in our lives may be the strongest drive that
delivers us from failure land to liberty. So this phase of your life may be the
greatest time you've had because once you have pushed open that window, you'll
welcome hope and endless possibilities.

Friends, we have all baggage. But the element that distinguishes a successful
person from those that fail are those who recognize their failures, identify the
source of their failures, and take action.

This article was inspired by Paul Hurckman, executive director of Venture
Expedition, who spoke at Chi Alpha weekly gathering on Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                 The Hawkeye: University of Louisiana - Monroe

                            January 22, 2012 Sunday

Softball's Salanoa earns All-Sun Belt honors

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 188 words


Softball junior Janel Salanoa was named to the College Sports Madness Sun Belt
Preseason team.

The award is based on Salanoa's numbers from last season when she led the
Warhawks with a batting average of .321.

"She is very much an impact player on this team, and we will need the same type
of production from her this year," head coach Rosemary Holloway- Hill said.

It is the first time Salanoa received the honor, and Holloway-Hill said she
expects it won't be her last.

"Janel works hard at all phases of the game," Holloway- Hill said. "There is not
a slow thing about her, she gets it and goes. She has a real good work ethic."

Last season Salanoa was in the top 10 in hardest batters for pitchers to strike
out in a game.

Salanoa said, "It feels good. It means a lot and shows that we are working hard,
and the team is getting recognition."

"I'm excited about this season. I got here like a week early to practice with
the team, and I'm feeling great."

Salanoa was the only Warhawk honored with a preseason award.

The softball team opens its season on Feb. 10, playing host to its annual Mardi
Gras Tournament at the Softball Complex.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Columbia Chronicle: Columbia College

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Website eases writers' woes

BYLINE: Amanda Murphy

SECTION: ARTS-CULTURE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 619 words


Some people never really leave college, while others depart the physical campus
but never really outgrow their bad habits. But Joseph Roza and Alex Boston took
their best college experiences and put them on a website.

Roza and Boston launched Xrivo.com in August 2011. The website, named after the
Italian word "scrivo," meaning to write, acts as a social network to help
connect writers and promotes the use of peer editing. The two took the
constructive writing community they experienced while attending the University
of Iowa and have since spread it around the Iowa and Chicago areas, encouraging
writers of every kind to share, collaborate and, in turn, become stronger, more
successful correspondents.

"We missed having that type of creative community and people to share our
writing with," Boston said. "So we started thinking of ways we could use the
Internet to build something and recreate the workshop experience."

The idea came when the two graduated from the English program, enthusiastic
about what they had learned and wanting other writers to experience that
environment. The world of peer editing can be difficult, Roza said, when it
comes to mailing notes back and forth or using tools like track changes.

Roza said their first business expense was a big writing pad, where they would
write down and bounce around multiple ideas for the site. The end result
features multiple components, including a line-by-line feedback system and the
ability to create a workshop-like environment for the writers who join. It also
features a free writing aspect that gives members the ability to write anywhere
and anytime the mood strikes instead of losing it to the abyss of forgetfulness.

The site encourages community writing, and users can collaborate and work
together on one or multiple projects. Roza and Boston listen to feedback from
the users when it comes to enhancing and adding to the site, resulting in a
constantly improving tool.

"We wanted to distill the things we enjoyed when working in the Iowa City
community and academic environment and translate it into something that would
work online," Boston said.

He added that he highly emphasizes peer review but acknowledged the important
relationship between a professional editor and a writer. Boston said a more
professional atmosphere can become disconcerting for writers, but creating a
positive environment of two people who are in the same situation can be not only
refreshing but also more helpful in some situations.

"It's a more friendly relationship, I think," Boston said. "It's about trying to
create a relationship with someone else who is trying their hand at writing. It
isn't someone up on a pedestal telling you what you can and can't do."

The result is a site that has seen steady growth since its launch more than four
months ago as an active literary community utilizes it. Still in its early
stages, Xrivo has more than 150 users, with the numbers growing rapidly in the
last month. The site has also attracted academic interest, including a proposal
by Columbia College

English professor Jeff Schiff, who contacted Boston and Roza about using it in
his classroom. Currently focusing on the Midwest, they said they would love to
see the site become a national resource. In the meantime, Chicago writers share
an advantage to build a strong and connected creative writing community.

"When I was in high school people, told me to not pursue writing because I could
never make a living that way," Boston said. "It's about finding people who will
encourage you, who will work with you and who will make you feel like you're
refining your work and growing in some way."To learn more about the website or
to start a membership, visit Xrivo.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                       University Press: Lamar University

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Exploring Internal, External Worlds

BYLINE: Andrew Strange

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 674 words


Explore the internal and external world of the modern artist in two exhibitions
- "Meredith Jack: Back in Black" and "This Rejection of the Conqueror: Works by
Robert Pruitt."

The Art Museum of Southeast Texas hosted a joint reception Friday for
exhibitions by Meredith "Butch" Jack, Emeritus professor of art at Lamar
University, and Houston artist Robert Pruitt. The opening included gallery talks
with both artists, giving attendees insight into the artists' works.

"Meredith Jack: Back in Black" featured a variety of metal and stabilized foam
and multimedia sculptures - each piece in the collection like an abyss in the
white-walled gallery.

Jack's take on the ancient Minoan snake goddess assumes the form of a pair of
large, snake-crowned obelisks - "Snake Woman 1" and "Snake Woman 2." The black
sculptures seem to defy gravity as they tower over the spectator, threatening to
topple.

The "Tondo" series, made of stabilized foam and assorted media, hang on the
gallery walls like shields of honor, proudly displaying the absence of color
chosen by their maker. The use of organic materials, such as small tree branches
incorporated into the work, make some of the pieces, such as "Tondo 33,"
resemble dark windows, offering a view into a nocturnal world created in Jack's
mind.

Jack's use of rigidized foam solved the problem of many of his works, being cast
or welded metals, being too heavy to hang on gallery walls. The artist said the
deviation from metals to the lighter foam media, commonly used in modern
architecture, makes it possible for him to make hanging sculptures.

The artist manipulates the material into forms that cause the mind to grasp for
familiarity. Some appear like weapons, others like dream catchers, such as
"Tondo 29," and still others resemble enlarged mixed-media microchips that merge
the organic and the machine, like "Tondo 24."

Robert Pruitt's exhibit, "This Rejection of the Conqueror," comprises
sculptures, paintings and "ready-made" installations. The collection, as the
title suggests, comments on the post-colonial, post-cultural mind of the modern
African-American artist. Inspired by the works of post-colonial writer Franz
Fanon, the exhibition explores the artist's identity by examining the
internalization of Western and American culture while staying aware of his
African roots.

In the ready-made installation "Thinking Cap," a black ball-cap appears to float
on a pillow of blue light like a mystic crown, while "Dome" shows the underside
of a hat leafed in gold, the allegorical headdress or crown of the modern
African-American.

Pruitt's technical abilities are on display in a series of large Conté charcoal
drawings on hand-dyed paper of African-Americans in various guises. The gaze of
the young man in "Superbad Garveyite," captures and draws one in - the caped
figure asserting an unsure authority. This may be due to the fact that it is one
of only a couple of the figures in the collection whose gaze is cast upon the
viewer - others have their eyes covered or focused on some distant object or
location.

"The Throne Room" features a variety of paintings and mixed-media sculptures and
ready-made installations. The collected works in the room appear to be
individual pieces, but are, in fact, part of the larger work. Each piece is
focused on a central drawing of "Oba," a king-like figure, resting on his throne
with his subjects and treasures before him. Headdresses decorated with artillery
are aimed at Oba - a hard-hat of industry and an oversized and fully automatic
braided wig - like brilliantly colored snakes waiting to strike.

The incorporation of science fiction and Russian space-age elements also lend to
the concept of the pastiche identity of the modern African-American. African
headdresses offset by Cosmonaut badges and emblems, such as in "Two Sistas,"
show the many masks of the artist's identity and how they add up to the
"individual."

Both exhibitions are on display at AMSET through April 8. Admission is free.

For more information call 832-3432 or visit www.amset.org.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 348 DOCUMENTS


            The Michigan Journal: University of Michigan - Dearborn

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Where Is The Joy In "Glee"?

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 563 words


Elizabeth Bastian

BY ELIZABETH BASTIAN, Opinion Editor

As one who has been a loyal "Gleek" from day one, I think I speak for most of us
when I express my extreme disappointment in the show's third season on Fox. But
last week's episode on January 17, the kick-off for the second leg of the season
entitled "Yes/No," did not just leave me sighing in dissatisfaction, but
practically fuming in disgust. Where has all the joy gone in Glee?

The first strike arrived in the form of a bizarre voice-over narration from
Helen Mirren. As much as I adore this majestic British gem, using her gilded
tongue to serve as a glimpse into the mind of the mentally handicapped
cheerleader Becky was not only unnecessary, but offensive. Yes, Becky has Down's
Syndrome, a fact that has been highlighted, even celebrated, throughout the
show's three year history. So why is she the only character who cannot
self-narrate her personal thoughts as she walks down the school halls? Does
anyone else have a problem with this?

The show lauds itself, as it always has, for promoting diversity, for staying
true to yourself no matter what anyone else thinks. In this very episode, Coach
Slyvester advised Artie to treat Becky the same as he would anyone; she just
wanted to be treated as a person. So why couldn't the directors and producers of
the show do the same? If this was supposed to be funny, it's not. I think it's
downright cruel.

And why has "Glee" become more "High School Musical" than the actual "High
School Musical?" I used to appreciate the show because they didn't just randomly
burst into song. Their performances made sense, they fit into the context of the
show, and their covers were innovative and entertaining. This season, every song
and dance number seems forced and out of place. The chosen songs don't mesh well
with the action (or lack of it), and their takes on the execution of the music
are, well, boring. Even the mash-ups, which could always be counted on to be
clever, have lost their luster. "Glee" isn't fun anymore, it's just straight
cheese.

Applied to Tuesday's episode, my complaints remain completely justifiable. The
show began with a rendition of Grease's "Summer Nights," which followed the
original with everything from the dance moves to the wistfully-sung high notes
at the end of the tune. And it only went downhill from there. Rachel broke into
an awful acoustic version of David Guetta's "Without You" as she stared
longingly at Finn over a basket of bread, then proceeded to make out with him in
front of the whole club as the grand finale. The "Moves Like Jagger/Jumpin Jack
Flash" mash-up turned out to be an exhibition of Will's muscles and jump-spins.
The episode ended with Rihanna's "We Found Love" sung by Rachel and Santana, as
everyone did a synchronized swimming number in vintage bathing suits for the
sole reason of impressing Emma as Will proposed to her.

I found myself asking "Did that really just happen?" after almost every scene.
The amount of cheese was ludicrous, almost unbearable. Unfortunately, this
feeling of being unimpressed, of being discontented, even duped, has been
persistently increasing since last year's mediocre output of episodes. The Gleek
in me has, sadly, been fading away.

Let's be honest. The only reason I will continue to watch the rest of the season
is to watch this slow, painful train-wreck play out. And Darren Criss.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Stanford Daily: Stanford University

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Bennett-Smith: Andrew, please don't go

BYLINE: Miles Bennett-Smith

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 875 words


It feels more and more like young people today are losing touch with reality.
Well, maybe not reality, but we are more and more reliant on the virtual world
to communicate and find our news and gossip.

Take, for instance, this message I received from one of my roommates earlier
this afternoon: "Hey bro, did u c prince 2 D-troit? Ur Sox r in trouble lol."
This wasn't just a text message, but rather an instant message he sent while
Skyping me. While we were on the phone. And he was in his room next door.

Like I said, we are losing touch with the physical world. Which is why every
week I take a few moments to sit down and put pen to paper with a letter to an
athlete I admire, but who I hope will listen to some words of wisdom.

The following is what I came up with for this week:

Dear Andrew...

As I write this letter, I am simultaneously watching highlights of these past
few glorious seasons on the Farm. There is the strike you threw to Doug Baldwin
while being pulled to the ground, followed by the one-handed
take-your-breath-away grab you made against UCLA. Who could forget the 51-yard
touchdown scamper against Washington and 52-yarder against Wake Forest?

Ah, there are my personal favorites-the absolute beat-downs you handed Cal's
Sean Cattouse and USC's Shareece Wright (accompanied by a great call from the
broadcast team).

And of course there are several minutes devoted to the masterpiece you painted
against Oregon in the 2009 upset and the surgical precision with which you
dissected Virginia Tech's vaunted defense in the Orange Bowl.

That leaves out the incredible comeback you led against USC moments after being
picked off, leaving hordes of distraught Stanford fans worried they would once
more have to suffer the wrath of the most obnoxious fans-and fight song-in the
land.

But enough of singing your praises, because you have plenty of people to do that
in the months leading up to your coronation as the NFL's No. 1 pick in
April-Phil Simms' insanity notwithstanding.

Actually, that's kind of why I'm writing to you, Austen (note how my personal
relationship allows me to call you by your uniquely spelled middle name.)

I want you to shock the world, make a terrible business decision and suit up a
few more times for the Cardinal. I realize that this is, in fact, impossible.
You hired an agent, passed the deadline for withdrawing from the draft and by
all accounts are knee-deep in workouts to show people why Heisman voters
certainly did not pick the better NFL quarterback prospect.

But there is so much more work to be done on this campus, Andrew!

I am afraid of what the future holds in store for Stanford football. Definitely
not next season, when I believe Barry Sanders Jr. and Stepfan Taylor will lead
the Cardinal's stable of running backs, and a hungry Shayne Skov will leave his
mark on players and the program.

That should also keep the ball rolling for 2013, when I expect big things from
Brett Nottingham. Seriously.

And I don't even think there will be an exodus of fans from the games just
because there is no No. 12 running around making plays with a beehive on his
neck.

No, I am afraid because I fear that the greatness of the past three years of
Stanford football will fade into obscurity with all the great things going on at
this campus in any one moment.

Surrounded by Nobel Prize winners, and amongst the multitude of NCAA
championships because of the quantity of quality athletes that bike these
streets, Stanford football had a chance to stick it to the SEC, the East Coast
haters and the ignorant citizens all across the country who do not realize that
Stanford is not just a place for nerds.

Sure, #Revengeofthenerds is a great sign to show off on College GameDay, but it
feels like we were just one or two wins away from spawning the type of freshmen
that flock to USC.

We will rarely have the kind of players that normally suit up for Troy or LSU or
Alabama. But that is because we do not want them. They would not get in.

But I was hoping that a BCS Championship or at least another BCS bowl game win
would finish off the job that Harbaugh began cultivating and that you and your
crew took to heart in just a few short years on the Farm: make Stanford a
perennial power in the most popular college sport in the country.

I applaud David Shaw for the job he has done in out-recruiting Harbaugh and
setting Stanford on a solid track to try to continue the winning ways of these
last seasons.

However, I had even bigger dreams for us. Call me Don Quixote, but I dreamt of a
campus actually enthralled with college football from September through January.
A campus that was able to pack not only the USC and Oregon games but also the
San Jose State and Washington State games-staying until the final whistle.

Which is why I want you to avoid the Colts and all that insanity and sue the
NCAA to regain your final year of eligibility. Sure, it didn't work out for
Maurice Clarett, but you're a whole lot smarter.

Wouldn't it feel good to hoist up that crystal trophy in Miami next January and
finally put a Heisman on your mantle? But hey, what do I know?

Well, Miles may not know much, but hehas the freaking Ink Bowl MVP trophy on his
mantle.Email him atmilesbs@stanford.edu and check him out on Twitter
@smilesbsmith.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                         The Rampage: Bluefield College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Getting Hired

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 806 words


Graduation does not necessarily mean the end of homework. Ideally, graduates
find fulfilling, life-sustaining work in the field they devoted their four years
of studies to. However, it is not that easy; there is competition. A job
interview is an opportunity to shine and get hold of your dream job, but many
may jeopardize their chances by letting nerves get the best of them, not being
prepared and etc. Getting Hired, Pt. 2 focuses on being the best one can be in a
crucial stage of getting hired.

Confidence

Some may wonder whether it is better to be more assertive or more submissive
during a job interview.

The kind of personality that is preferred, whether assertive or compliant,
depends on the interviewer, said Elizabeth Stinnett, recruitment specialist and
Human Resources facilitator for Shannon Medical Center. There are always
exceptions, but most interviewers do not look for either extreme, she said. It
is best to strike a balance between the two, but the most important thing is
confidence. One can gain confidence before a job interview by doing some
research.

"A lot of it boils down to how much you prepare for the interview and how eager
you are for the position," Stinnett said, "and not just because you need a job,
but because you really want this job."

The applicant should get the feel of the company by researching the company's
vision, mission and etc. through resources such as the company's website.

An interviewer looks for someone who is communicative, will have a fit for the
company, and has a sense of what the job is about, she said. Applicants should
not claim to be more qualified than everyone else because they "don't know
that."

"That would be something I, as an interviewer, couldn't buy into," she said.

They should, however, be confident in their skills and show that they really
want the job. Eagerness shows in an interview, Stinnett said.

Practicing speaking with another person or in front of a mirror also greatly
helps, Stinnett said.

"If you tend to be a little more nervous in front of people...then having that
practice is invaluable," she said.

On the other hand, if someone is more talkative, he or she may have to practice
not talking as much, she said.

"You have to be careful about not taking the interviewer over," she said.

It is normal for people to feel nervous going into an interview, but they do not
have to fear being nervous in front of the interviewers, said Eddie Salcido,
director of SAISD human resources.

"There's a lot on the line in their eyes and we understand that," he said.

Salcido said a goal of human resources is to facilitate a positive environment,
optimizing the interviewees' opportunity to show their best.

"We want you to be your best, because that's what we want to see," he said.

First Impressions

Colleges and universities do an excellent job of preparing students, Salcido
said, but some students make the mistake of not taking advantage of available
resources.

"Listen to the people who come and talk to you," he said. "Take their words and
use them."

Salcido and Stinnett said they have both had people dressed in jeans and
T-shirts.

"I'd be amazed," Salcido said.

Salcido said that while such a mistake in outfit choice will not totally take an
applicant out of consideration, it would not help the applicant's odds.

"Because again, I'm looking for your best," he said.

How a person is dressed or whether the person has tattoos or piercings may
affect the outcome of the job interview, Stinnett said, but it ultimately
depends on the business or institution. Companies that serve a broader variety
of customers will pay more attention to such body modifications as opposed to
places such as Pac Sun or Starbucks, she said. Businesses in general, though,
are becoming more and more relaxed about it since tattoos have become so common.

Salcido said, though he does 300 to 500 interviews in a typical year, there are
the occasional applicants who stand out positively.

"I've sat through an interview with a young lady and we didn't hire her for the
position," he said. "But I kept her in mind because she had done a superb job."

When another position in another field opened that she was certified in, Salcido
said, he looked for her specifically. He said she had impressed him with her
knowledge and passion.

"I ended up hiring her," he said. "I tell kids all the time, 'You never know
what you may spark.' You may not get that job, but you may spark something in
somebody that, down the road, is going to pay off."

Questions

Some students might worry that they do not have much formal, relevant work
experience, but they do not necessarily need to have had full-time work,
Stinnett said. It can be hard to work full time and go to school. Employers want
to see that the person has been committed to something and has goals and has
moved forward in his or her life, she said.12

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  Independent Collegian: University of Toledo

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

UT group of the week: Dagorhir Club

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 543 words


Have you ever seen people dressed in medieval garb hitting one another with foam
swords in Centennial Mall and thought, "What in the world is that?"

No, you're not crazy and no, you didn't accidentally stumble into a time warp.
It is just the Dagorhir Club.

Dagorhir is a nationwide, medieval re-enactment foam fighting game that has been
around since 1977 and it combines both historical and fantasy elements into one
fun way to get active and gather with friends.

Austin Barth, a senior majoring in computer science and engineering and
president of the UT Dagorhir Club, said the rules of the game are pretty simple.

"If a weapon strikes a limb, it goes away. You put it behind your back." Barth
said. "If that limb happens to be a leg, you drop to a knee. This is
specifically to prevent people [from] hopping around and hurting themselves. If
you lose two limbs - any combination of legs and arms - you are dead."

Additionally, torso hits mean instant death and head shots are illegal. Hands
holding a weapon or shield and feet that are on the ground are also immune to
hits.

Basically, it's just like the games that everyone played as kids, except the
members of Dagorhir Club actually follow the rules and die when they're supposed
to.

The type of weapon that a player wields also takes a huge role in the damage
done to their opponents. The weapon types are categorized by color - blue, red,
green, yellow and white.

Blue weapons are ones that can be swung with one hand, such as short swords,
axes and flails. Red are larger weapons that require two hands. These can break
any shield with two solid hits.

Green weapons are used for stabbing, like daggers and spears. It is possible for
a weapon to be either red or blue in addition to being green.

Yellow weapons are airborne, like javelins and arrows, and are lethal to any
part of the body that it hits, including the head.

White weapons are rocks that deal blows only to the head.

The amount of damage a person endures can also be affected by their choice of
armor.

"One can take extra hits if one possesses armor appropriate for the time period
[and] made of period materials," Barth said.

Each player takes care of their costume, armor and character name, adding to the
personality and authenticity of the game.

Dagorhir isn't limited to only UT ? it is played all around the country. Many
events are held both locally and nationally.

The largest Dagorhir event is called Ragnarok. Players camp out in Slippery
Rock, Pa., for the week-long game. Everyone fights by day and enjoys camaraderie
and fellowship by night.

Locally, the UT Dagorhir Club holds weekly practices and welcomes all who want
to play.

"We always welcome new people," Barth said. "The more the merrier. In order to
join, one simply needs to show up at a practice and sign a waiver."

The UT Dagorhir Club meets each Friday from 5 to 7 p.m. in the Health Education
Center's gym. There is also practice at Bowling Green State University on
Sundays from noon to 4 p.m. Barth encourages anyone who is interested to come to
any of the practices and try it out.

"I have more fun with Dagorhir than just about anything else," he said. "I've
met some of my best and longest lasting friends through the game, and I have
never once regretted starting to play."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                  The Georgetown Voice: Georgetown University

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

"The University rolled us": How the administration got what it wanted out of
SAFE reform

BYLINE: Rachel Calvert

SECTION: FEATURE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 2870 words


In early April 2011, the student spearheading the broad "Bring Back Healy Pub"
movement had his first meeting with any member of the administration. Chris
Pigott (COL '12), then a GUSA Senator, met with Vice President of Student
Affairs Todd Olson to propose the use of student money to revive the storied
bar, which saw its heyday during the 1970s and '80s.

He had not yet made the pitch to the GUSA Endowment Commission, which had been
established earlier that semester to vet proposals vying for a portion of the
newly available $3.4 million Student Activity Fee Endowment.

However, Pigott got the impression that Olson had already caught wind of the
Healy Pub movement, which included both students and alumni.

"When I went in to talk to him for the first time, he said, 'Before we start
talking about this, I just wanted to remind you of our progress on the New South
Student Center,'" he said, referring to the project the University has been
actively fundraising for over the past year.

Pigott said Olson pulled out a decade-old feasibility study for the New South
Student Center, pointed to it and said, "Here's where we could put student space
like a pub."

"I'm sure Dr. Olson has a good political mind," Pigott reflected.

***

The idea to revive Healy Pub originated in a Voice column by Kara Brandeisky
(COL '13), where she advocated for student space in Healy basement. The movement
then attracted a broad base of supporters, from alumni like Matt Stoller (COL
'08), who organized the movement, to the cadre of students who pursued the idea
with the administration.

"Kara came up with the idea in an op-ed," Pigott said. "Matt Stoller read that
ed and thought it was a good idea, and secretly put together this proposal...and
started calling people."

The column came on the heels of the massive discovery of the Student Activity
Fee Endowment. GUSA had launched a campaign to reform the Student Activity Fee
system, reclaim control of the $3.4 million endowment, and use the funds for
major student projects. The Endowment Commission was established to allocate
this large sum of student money.

According to Olson, the University began planning the New South Student Center
in the early 2000s, when Leo O'Donovan dining hall replaced the New South and
Darnall cafeterias. At that point, the University began planning how it would
repurpose the space.

Visions for student space in New South played prominently in the 2000 Report on
Student Life, produced by a working group established by the University to
assess student opinion on student space and fundraising, among other things.

Another student space working group met between 2008 and 2010. "The reason that
[the working group] was allowed to happen was that students had been complaining
about student space since 1999, but people like Dr. Olson knew they had
something like New South coming down the pike," Adam Talbot (COL '12), then a
GUSA Senator and current GUSA Senate Speaker, said. "So it was at least a
momentary convergence of students [wanting] something and the University
[having] a trial balloon they can float and see if they can make it work."

The group was receptive. The Report on Student Space, released in April 2010,
lauded the New South Student Center as "the best solution to address a range of
student activities problems because it will provide a center for student life."

One of the participants was Taylor Price (MSB '10), who would later submit the
New South Student Center proposal to the Endowment Commission.

According to Olson, although New South was the topic of much conversation
between students and administrators, Price was instrumental in acting on the
need for student space on campus. "Taylor was the one who carried that idea
forward and built momentum for it," Olson said. "But it's not like out of
nowhere he said, 'Let's give some SAFE money to New South.'"

Price considers the New South Student Center a permanent solution to
Georgetown's student space shortage. "What better project for students to
support?" he said.

When the Endowment Commission made its final decision on the allocation of the
endowment funds, it recommended that almost the entire sum go to the proposed
Healy Pub Project. In the event that the pub failed to garner the
administration's approval, the commission would recommend splitting the
endowment among several projects, including the New South Student Center.

In fall of 2010, GUSA began holding town halls about its plans to reform the
Student Activity Fee Endowment. According to Talbot, the issue was part of a
larger effort to reform the entire student activities funding system.

"OK, we know in the past we haven't gotten 100 percent from the administration,
[so we asked], 'what can we do to make it work,' since we're only going to be
here for four years," he said.

Talbot said that after reforming the funding boards, including the Student
Activities Commission, GUSA traced these issues to a simple lack of funds. Then,
GUSA looked to the Student Activity Fee.

Before this reform, said Malkerson, GUSA only recently began to consider
addressing the Endowment. "GUSA probably dropped the ball on funding issues," he
said. "We didn't really keep track of the fee. We weren't terribly focused on
the endowment."

When the student activity fee was first approved by referendum in 2001, half of
every year's collected fee was designated for immediate use, while half was used
to establish the Student Activity Fee Endowment, composed of shares purchased
from the University's larger endowment.

The plan was for SAFE to reach $10 million, at which point the interest
generated would replace the annual activity fee altogether. However, the
endowment never reached this goal, and it certainly never became
self-sustaining. When GUSA began its major push for SAFE Reform, the endowment
sat at $3.5 million dollars.

Malkerson cites a number of issues that stifled the endowment's growth, one
being that the administration never made good on a deal it struck with GUSA in
2001. According to Hoya archives from the time, GUSA asked the University to
contribute $3 million to SAFE once the larger University endowment, then called
the Third Century Capital Campaign, reached $1 billion.

However, this promise did not feature prominently in early discussions of a
student activity fee. Jacques Arsenault (COL '01, GRD '07), who served as GUSA
Vice-President in the spring of 2001 when the original activity fee referendum
passed, said the novelty of establishing such a fee overshadowed the details
concerning the endowment.

"I think there was definitely one argument made that once the endowment got
large enough, it could replace the student activity fee," he said. However, he
added that he "[doesn't] remember the endowment being talked about except among
GUSA wonky types."

The endowment did cap $1 billion in 2008, but only for a brief time before being
crippled by the economic collapse.

"The bottom line is, they never gave us the $3 million," Malkerson said.
"Frankly, we didn't get anything in paper, so it was hard to hold them to that
promise."

Malkerson said members of GUSA broached the subject with Student Affairs
administrators at the beginning of SAFE Reform. "If you talk to Todd Olson and
some of the people who have been here for a while, they say, 'Yeah that was
discussed, but...ehhh,'" he said. "They sort of weasel out of it."

This lack of accountability meant that, ten years later, no one in GUSA was
aware of the state of the endowment. Talbot, then serving his first term as
speaker, said that "one of the first things we discovered ... was that the
University was skimming the interest off the endowment."

This is standard operating procedure for such an endowment, according to Matt
Greaves, Manager of Capital and Finance Budgets at Georgetown. Because the
Student Activity Fee Endowment is comprised of purchased stocks, it generates
income on an annual basis. Some of this income is siphoned into a fund,
available for expenditures. Payments into this fund are predetermined by a
formula-not strictly interest-established "at the board level."

"[The payment fund] is earmarked for the purpose of that endowment," Greaves
said. "The student activity fee was intended to be used for students, and it's
available for use for that purpose."

However, members of GUSA were wholly unaware of this fund's existence. "I don't
know if they actively hid it from us," Malkerson said. "I think it's an example
of how GUSA previously had not done the best bookkeeping, and also how the
University wasn't actively forthcoming."

In 2009, when the fund was discovered, the student activity fee portion of the
endowment consisted of 6,067.83 shares, or $1,840,129.09. The endowment's growth
depended on the compound interest it generated, but it did not benefit from the
money extracted into the external payment fund.

After discovering the fund, GUSA passed the Bill on Student Endowment Interest,
which allowed GUSA to take control of the money in the fund. Talbot said that
when members of GUSA approached the administration about the fund, "the response
we got at the time was, 'You never told us you wanted to be compounding your own
interest.'... I thought that was sort of implicit in creating an endowment."

***

The summer after Pigott's first meeting with Olson, the Healy Pub working group
continued to meet with Olson and other Student Affairs administrators in attempt
to solidify a vision for the pub that both parties could endorse.

Over the course of several months, the Healy Pub advocates met with Olson 15
times. According to Malkerson, who attended many of the meetings, the
conversation centered around "changes we could make to make [the proposal] more
palatable."

"I think we were probably sent in circles occasionally by the University,"
Malkerson said.

One of the administration's concerns was that Healy basement currently houses
the Human Resources and Financial Aid offices. According to Pigott, the working
group proposed other locations across campus where the offices could move.
Furthermore, the working group volunteered to fund the move with endowment
money.

Administrators consistently expressed concern that Healy Pub would be a raucous
hub of student nightlife right in the middle of Dahlgren Quad. "Initially, when
the proposal first came out, I think they saw it as Rhino," Malkerson said,
referring to a popular M Street bar. "I don't think they ever changed their
thinking about what the proposal was."

According to Malkerson, the concept of Healy Pub evolved from a 24-hour bar
setting to a student lounge that becomes a bar on Friday and Saturday nights.
"Although efforts were made to scale back, the University was never going to go
along with alcohol being served off of Dahlgren Quad."

However, the University has entertained plans for a bar in the student
center-beneath the New South freshman dorm. "I'd be lying if I said it didn't
strike all of us as cognitive dissonance," Talbot said.

What distinguishes Healy Pub from the bar guaranteed to be in the New South
Student Center is the University's vision of Dahlgren Quad as an emblem of the
University as a whole.  "The best excuse I heard was from DeGioia," Talbot said.
"That a pub doesn't comport with a vision of Dahlgren as a spiritual and
academic center."

As Olson put it, "It is the administration building to the campus, it's a place
where we have a lot of formal events. It needs to serve a lot of different
purposes for a lot of people at the University."

Olson confirmed that the University plans to remodel Dahlgren Quad and its
surrounding buildings sometime in the future. Although the project does not have
a timeline and has not entered the fundraising phase, he assured that "we have
listened to and take seriously the student interest in having student space in
Healy Hall," adding that he is "not confident if it will be in the basement or
where it will be."

Despite the administration's conclusive reason for rejecting Healy Pub, the
Healy Pub working group was confronted with a variety of justifications-from
University office space to future plans to remodel Dahlgren Quad- throughout the
negotiations. "The University put up a lot of roadblocks," Talbot said.

When asked why the administration proposed such varying reasons why Healy Pub
was infeasible, Olson declined to answer further questions.

"It was a cat and mouse game the whole time," said Pigott. "We knew where the
University was. We tried to gather political support in and outside the
University and leverage that any way we could."

During that same summer, Olson was also meeting with the working group for the
New South Student Center. According to Price, who was one of the group's
leaders, the University facilitated conversations between the working group and
the student center's main architects, ensuring that the student-funded
enhancements to the project would not clash with the overall design.

"They were there to facilitate the conversation, but not drive it," he said.

Malkerson-as well as other members of GUSA-recognize a difference in the
University's negotiations with every proposal besides Healy Pub. "Dr. Olson has
made a good-faith effort in helping implement all other proposals that are not
Healy Pub," Malkerson said. "Obviously, New South, having students contribute
money to that was a bonus for the University."

The Endowment Commission's other recommendations were $250,000 for Georgetown
Energy, $1,250,000 for Social Innovation and Public Service fund, and $2,048,412
for the New South Student Center.

In terms of negotiating, the University and the Healy Pub working group were by
no means an even match. "Often times we were at the mercy of the University,
because we don't actually have any authority," Malkerson said.

Olson disagrees with this characterization. "We worked thoughtfully and
collaboratively with students," he said. Referring to letters of intent for the
allocation of the SAFE funds, Olson added, "they are a good-faith commitment
that we want to work together on."

Talbot shares Malkerson's view. "It's a pretty simple equation: the University
owns the space, and they're not willing to rent, lease, or sell it, we can't
eminent domain it."

After months of negotiations, in September, DeGioia effectively declared the
Healy Pub proposal dead. "We'll try to accommodate that [need for flexibility]
but I think it'd a bridge too far to get to the Healy Pub," he said in an
interview with campus media.

"I think the University did roll us on that," Malkerson said, reflecting on the
discussion process.

***

Leading up to the final SAFE referendum, which is running from January 24-26,
the University and members of GUSA, including Malkerson and GUSA President and
Vice-President Mike Meaney (SFS '12) and Greg Laverriere  (COL '12), signed a
letter of agreement, which indicates the stipulations for allocating student
funds to each project. In the case of the New South Student Center, one of those
stipulations is the inclusion of a bar, under some sort of student management or
operation. However, SAFE funds will not be used to fund the pub.

"The University often doesn't take student interest seriously, and I think they
frequently take for granted students," said Malkerson. "I think this was an
example where students were rallied behind an idea, really supported it. And the
University didn't respond to that."

However, Malkerson also said he was pleased with the plans for New South. "I
think if the compromise is followed through on, it will be very good," he said.
"But again, I think the University often says one thing and does another, so it
will be very important that we hold them to their commitment."

To Pigott, the presence of a pub in New South Center satisfies the group's goal
of a late night social space that will "serve alcohol and be a late night space
that keeps students on campus." As for student space in Healy, he said the
administration indicated that it would make an effort to include student space
in their remodel. Though this is not iterated in the letter of agreement, Olson
confirmed that the University is not opposed to student space in Healy.

For those members of GUSA who have been closely tied to the years-long SAFE
Reform process, these agreement letters signify a change in the way GUSA
collaborates with the administration. "This is essentially the way you have to
go about doing things with the University," said Malkerson. "You have to get
things in writing."

Although they are not legally binding, Talbot sees the letters as good faith
agreements, supported by the reputational consequences the University would face
if it reneged on its word.

When asked if these letters of intent represent a lesson learned from SAFE
Reform, he smiled.  "That would be an interesting way to look at it."

Editor's note: This post was changed to correct errors. The original post
incorrectly reported the final SAFE referendum as taking place on Jan. 23-25 and
that the Endowment Commission recommended that the entire endowment be allocated
to Healy Pub. The Voiceregrets these errors. A quote by Vice President of
Student Affairs Todd Olson has been updated. The quote now reads, "But it's not
like out of nowhere he said, 'Let's give some SAFE money to New South.'"

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                          Concordiensis: Union College

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Year in Review: Further reflections on 'Thrones'

BYLINE: Willem Weinstein

SECTION: 807-U; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 382 words


There has been quite a bit of grumbling over George R. R. Martin's series of
epic fantasy books,A Song of Ice and Fire, especially regarding the first book
in the series,A Game of Thrones.

There is an HBO Series recently produced based on the book, as well as several
video games and a few graphic novels. But this seems quite an exaggerated
response over a few fantasy books, granted well-written books. So, I was curious
as to why people thought the response was necessary.

Therefore, I thought it necessary to further review the first book in the
series,Game of Thrones.

The first thing I noticed, before I even started reading, was that this book is
nightmarishly long. Long enough that it could give theHarry Potter series a run
for its money in the amount of man hours lost while reading.

The second thing I noticed, and this time after reading, was that this book is
maddeningly depressing. Nearly all characters that are written as good, and even
some that just happen to smile at one point, get murdered or executed in overly
barbaric, brutal ways.

The moral of this story, it appears, is that nice people die horribly.

Now, consider the plot. After spending a good week sporadically reading, I have
concluded that I still don't really know what happened.

Sure, I can sort of understand the main plot of the story, it takes place
fifteen years after a great rebellion that upset the rule of the tyrannical
former rulers and replaced them with the rebels, as these things tend to go.

In present time though, the king is fat, everyone in the court is corrupt and
plotting against everyone else, and there is a good deal of complicated court
intrigue, as these things tend to go.

The way this plot is presented is through a broken narrative that switches from
different points a view every chapter, which is nice as it gives the reader
multiple perspectives over the story. But it does create a jumble of plots that
become confusing.

And yet, despite all of these thoughts, I still highly recommend Game of Thrones
because it is incredibly immersive.

When a book an leave me convinced that my neighbors are plotting against me and
I should strike before they can, I count it as a good read.

To summarize, court intrigue, everyone is out to get you, don't bet on the nice
guys, and winter is coming.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                The Rebel Yell: University of Nevada - Las Vegas

                            January 29, 2012 Sunday

Fighting crime with education

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 790 words


on Jan 29, 2012

This article has been read 228 times.

Improving the school system can help clean up the streets

I've written before in these pages that education is the civil rights issue of
our time and that we have a moral and ethical imperative to improve the quality
of education that every child receives in this country. There are important
ethical and economic reasons to consider when discussing why we must improve the
quality of education in America. However, there is one more consideration that
is just as important: public safety.

Traditional criminal justice policies and reforms address predictable issues,
such as increasing police funding, hiring more officers, or creating harsher
sentencing laws. The jury is still out on the effectiveness of these policies in
actually reducing crime. The latest attempt to reform crime in this manner is
California's famous (or infamous?) three-strikes law, which mandates a 25-year
penalty for third-felony offenses. The evidence is mixed, but externalities -
unintended costs - are obvious. California has now incarcerated so many people
that it is under federal court order to reduce prison overcrowding.

Fight Crime: Invest in Kids is a nonprofit association of anti-crime
professionals. Their 2008 report notes that high school dropouts are 3.5 times
more likely than graduates to be arrested and 8.5 times more likely to be jailed
for a significant period. It also estimates that "increasing graduation rates by
10 percentage points would prevent over 3,000 murders and nearly 175,000
aggravated assaults in America each year." It's as if the Sept. 11 attacks are
happening every year, right under our collective noses, simply because of our
failure to educate each member of our society.

Another nonprofit, The Alliance for Excellent Education, reports that increasing
high school graduation by five percent would save $8 billion alone in
"crime-related" costs.

It's tempting to ignore the data and instead focus on what some optimistically
term "personal responsibility." It isn't society's fault that teens drop out of
high school and go on to murder people, the argument goes. Crime prevention
should be the purview of law enforcement and should focus on improving police
budgets and manpower or passing increasingly strict sentencing laws. After all,
logic dictates that with stringent enough punishments, criminals will make safer
decisions. People must exercise responsibility over their own behavior,
regardless of background or circumstance, and public policy should only focus on
encouraging responsible behavior.

This rational cost-benefit analysis is impossible if the would-be criminals do
not actually possess the critical thinking abilities to reason through the
logical ramifications of their actions. Moreover, our failure to educate them
deprives them of the means of finding capable, legal employment, giving them
economic incentive to engage in illegal and dangerous activity.

Detractors will also argue that it is the fault of the family and parents for
not teaching their children properly. This has a grain of truth; there's no
denying that a breakdown of family values contributes to the problem of
educational neglect and the crime it spawns. However, this critique also ignores
the whole picture. It ignores the realities of the vicious cycle of generational
poverty, where parents who grow up poor and ill-educated don't possess the
knowledge or ability to fight for their child's education. It ignores the
realities of immigrant families, where parents care a great deal about their
children, but have language and socioeconomic barriers which hinder their
ability to advocate for them.

This is not to excuse any individual of crime, or to suggest that society
shouldn't punish criminals. The only way to break that cycle of ignorance-and by
extension crime-is to ensure the true promise of American democracy: That all
citizens have equality of opportunity. We can't control genetics, place of
birth, or the parental right to have children. We can ensure that every child
receives an excellent education, and grows up to become a responsible member of
society. It is difficult, messy, and controversial, but there is no doubt
anymore that it is possible.

We should stop focusing on policies that have mixed benefit in actually reducing
crime, and politicians should stop campaigning on ever-stricter pledges to fight
crime. Instead, we must focus on what actually works in reducing crime and also
has a range of other positive social benefits instead of external costs.

If we and our political representatives are truly committed to the safety and
security of our country, we should stop posturing over traditional crime
policies and instead address the real problem.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 348 DOCUMENTS


             The California Aggie: University of California - Davis

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Column: Skinny love

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 702 words


Senior year of high school holds such fond memories for me. That was the year I
finally became thin and, by extension, relevant.

After some rigorous soul-searching, my friend Sophia and I realized that all of
our life problems could be solved by a simple weight loss regime; it was so
obvious, we couldn't understand why we had never thought of it before. After
all, it's almost impossible not to realize in this day and age that being
slender is synonymous with being sexy, and sexiness is tandem to success. It's
scientific. Look it up.

People always preached throughout my upbringing that the most magnetic feature a
person can have is a terrific personality, which is, obviously, a horrendous
lie. My eyebrows attract a net minimum of six compliments per year, but I can't
even recall the last time somebody told me, "You know, you have the most amazing
sense of empathy." This, I've come to realize, is because it isn't education or
personal affectations that attract people; it's the confidence to wear your
God-given looks well - the kind of confidence one acquires from being skinny.

It was probably about halfway through adolescence when it dawned on me that, in
spite of my glowing charisma, I was still criminally under-appreciated by my
high school peers. Two friends and I would spend lunch in solitude behind the
science building, eating boxed California rolls and lamenting how misunderstood
we were. Since the general consensus seemed to be that we were perfect
personality-wise, it stood to reason that my only roadblock to universal
adoration was an imperfect physique.

This epiphany was bound to strike at some point; like any other American kid who
grew up in front of a TV screen, I was raised to believe that the average girl
was born a waif and the average guy came into the world lithe, toned and with
the face of Jonathan Taylor Thomas. These were common traits I noticed amongst
the crowd of my favorite childhood celebrities and, I deduced, the markers of a
likable, successful person.

The only issue I've been able to find with such thinspiration, though, is the
extremism it seems to elicit from certain people. It seems that not everyone is
capable of digesting the gently subliminal messages the media provides us with.
I recently came across an expanding internet trend of people leading what they
call a "pro-ana" lifestyle.

The women and men of the pro-ana (a shortening of the word "anorexia") movement
claim that "ana" is their friend, often personifying it as a "she" and stating
that it's an active lifestyle decision rather than a disorder. The movement has,
like everything else, been condensed into a hashtag which can now be seen all
over Tumblr and other websites, usually with an accompanying photo of a
horrifically malnourished human being.

More than simply being "so jealousssss" of skeletal body types, though,
pro-ana/pro-mia (for bulimia) activists have a tendency to insult anyone without
visible pelvic bones or rib cages. It's not uncommon to see one of their brood
disparaging a fellow blogger just for having thighs that touch each other.

In one particularly troubling case, I followed the digital breadcrumbs of an
ana-keen blogger all the way back to her YouTube account, where I found a series
of videos documenting her efforts to juggle her pregnancy and anorexia.

"And this is me at eight months," she said to the camera, lifting up her cami to
reveal a third trimester bump no larger than a kaiser roll.

By now it's pretty clear that I'm a proponent of beautification, but not when it
flirts with self-harm. If you ask me, it's absolutely indisputable that, while
the quest for skinniness and popularity can often be one of desperation and
extraordinary measures, it's never necessary to develop an eating disorder.

The real question is, where did these disorders come from? Who could argue that
forced regurgitation or intentional starvation are healthy dietary means? Why
would anyone willingly suffer just to become thin? These will be good questions
to keep me occupied while I wait for the next season of American's Next Top
Model.

DYLAN GALLAGHER can be reached at dylaaaaan@gmail.com,
cleverblog.tumblr.com/ask, or his office in the Downtown Davis Chipotle.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                    The Argus: Illinois Wesleyan University

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

Keep your resolve strong all year long

BYLINE: Danielle Kamp

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 374 words


Danielle Kamp, Staff Writer

The New Year symbolizes a fresh start and hope for the future. It is a time for
people to imagine new outlooks on life and anticipate what the next year of
their life will hold.

Thus we have New Year's resolutions.

I have noticed that when the clock strikes midnight on New Year's Eve, most
resolution-makers could not be more excited about their plans and goals for the
New Year.

At this point, they feel prepared for the challenges they will face and can't
wait to try out that new diet or pull out their old running shoes that have been
gathering dust in the back of the closet for the past year.

In some cases, people are able to follow through with their New Year's
resolutions for a while, or possibly even the whole year. But many never quite
get around to starting, or they give up after a few weeks.

The vicious cycle of making the same New Year's resolution every year and never
being able to follow through is a frustrating and unhealthy way to start out
each year. It can damage confidence and prevent full commitment to a resolution.

It is acceptable for a person to make a New Year's resolution if they intend to
follow through with it, but people shouldn't be restricted to New Year's as the
only time to make new goals.

Jan. 1 offers a starting point for people, but the abrupt change can be
intimidating. People should be able to make mistakes on their way to improving
their lives, and should not feel discouraged when they stray slightly from their
resolution.

Rather than focusing on only the New Year as a starting point, people should
strive to make small goals for themselves throughout the year. Pursuing a new,
positive change in one's life every few months makes the task easier to take on.

If someone wants to lose weight, for example, he or she could start off small by
first decreasing sugar and carbs in their diet. Later in the year, they could
add to this goal by eating more fruits and vegetables, and then incorporating
exercise into their daily activities.

Making the same New Year's resolution every year without succeeding is both
disappointing and pointless. Achieving small goals throughout the year is not
only more manageable and productive, but will also increase happiness in the
long run.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                 The Observer: Case Western Reserve University

                            January 27, 2012 Friday

Editorial: Community Emergency Response Team to prepare CWRU for crisis

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 437 words


id="submit_email_Above" data-remodal-action="confirm"
class="remodal-confirm">Send Email Cancel

Most students agree that Case Western Reserve University does a good job keeping
the campus secure. The university makes an effort to help its students feel
safe, with its own police force and its free, accessible services such as
SafeRide. However, some students have raised the question: How would CWRU react
in the face of a major crisis, such as a shooting, a bomb threat, or a national
disaster? It's not something that bears much close thought, but we need to
recognize that it is a possibility - and we need to be prepared for the worst.

In light of that, the recently incepted Community Emergency Response Team, or
CERT, sounds like an excellent idea. CERT has been given the task of preparing
CWRU for a large-scale emergency. The funds for CERT came in the form of a grant
of over half a million dollars from the U.S. Department of Education's Office of
Safe and Drug-Free Schools, as part of the Emergency Management for Higher
Education program. The funds will go toward establishing and training a
CWRU-specific CERT, based on a "comprehensive national model for disaster
resilience on college campuses," according to the CWRU website.

At the moment, the team's organization and specific goals remain fuzzy. It will
be comprised of faculty and staff volunteers, who will be trained by licensed
emergency and medical personnel in such areas as emergency medical treatment,
search and rescue, and small fire control. It is assumed that CERT will also
involve some kind of new, or at least improved, communication system to help
streamline the disaster response process. Updated protocols, outlining exactly
how the university will react to various crisis situations, should also be
developed and made available to students.

Because it will be difficult to judge CERT's success until disaster strikes, it
would be a good idea for CERT to organize campus-wide crisis simulations, to
practice the new protocols and identify areas for improvement. This would also
make the campus community more aware of what to do in case on an emergency. It
is important to keep students as much in the loop as possible, not only to help
them feel safe, but to better prepare the campus as a whole.

The CWRU campus has always provided a safe and comfortable environment for
students, and CERT will only improve upon this tradition - although just how
much of an improvement remains to be seen. We hope that as CERT gets off the
ground, the university will keep its students apprised of developments in its
new disaster response strategies.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                The Griffon News: Missouri Western State College

                             January 2, 2012 Monday

Redbox review Super 8

SECTION: LIFESTYLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 518 words


Some people may be a little confused or skeptical of a movie titled after a
1970s method of movie making that uses 8mm film.  Don't be.

The film begins with the main character Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney) suffering the
loss of his mother after a tragic accident.  His father, Jackson Lamb (Kyle
Chandler), is now forced to raise the boy on his own.  While struggling with the
loss of his wife, Jackson wants to send his son away to a baseball camp for the
summer.  Joe is doesn't want to go and insists on staying home to help his group
of friends direct a zombie movie for an amateur film competition.  Both are
forced to change their plans when tragedy strikes their town.

While filming a scene for their movie at an old train depot outside of town, a
disastrous train crash occurs that almost claims the lives of the group of
friends.  The friends soon discover that the train wreck was no accident and
that their lives may be in danger for witnessing it.  Something on board the
United States Air Force train is set free and the military will stop at nothing
to get it back.

Joe's best friend Charles (Riley Griffiths) is the director of the zombie film.
He wants to keep making the movie amidst the chaos of what is beginning to
unfold in their town.  Meanwhile, Joe is developing a mutual crush on his
friend, Alice Dainard (Elle Fanning), the girl set to play the damsel in
distress in the zombie film.  After experiencing the train wreck, Alice wants
nothing more to do with making the film.  It is up to Joe to convince her
otherwise.  However, there is just one problem; Alice's father is indirectly
responsible for Joe's mother's death.  Despite the reckless actions of Alice's
father, she decides to keep working on the movie.

With the train wreckage and military swarming throughout their town, Charles
decides to use all the commotion in his film for production value.  It's not
long before the kids realize what exactly is going on and the danger they are
all in.  After Alice vanishes, it's up to Joe and the gang to rescue her from
whatever was on the Air Force train.

The film is written and directed by J.J. Abrams ("Forever Young," "Star Trek")
and produced with the help of Steven Spielberg ("E.T.," "Saving Private Ryan").
The movie takes us back in time to 1979 when there were no cell phones, World
Wide Web or camcorders.  The nostalgia in the film is well portrayed and
planned. It makes a great setting for the story.

This film is not your traditional sci-fi movie. In fact, you can't even tell it
is a sci-fi film until well over halfway through it.  The special effects are
gripping and will keep you on the edge of your seat.  Although teenagers, Joel
Courtney and Elle Fanning's acting makes the film worth watching alone.  The two
are very talented and undoubtedly have successful careers in the film business.
The movie is full of clever jokes and plot twists.

The movie lives up to the claim of being the 2011 blockbuster of the summer.  If
you are looking for an action packed film that will make you feel like a kid
again, as well as scare the heck out of you, then rent "Super 8."

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The McGill Tribune: McGill University

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

The McGill Tribune Education Week a response to fall issues on campus

BYLINE: Bea Britneff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 161 words


From Jan. 12 to 20, SSMU hosted (Reclaim Your) Education Week, a seven-day
series of workshops, discussions, and presentations that sought to raise
awareness about a number of issues on the McGill campus, including tuition hikes
and the struggles of marginalized groups on campus.

Education Week was made possible by collaboration between SSMU, the Quebec
Public Interest Research Group at McGill (QPIRG), the Post-Graduate Students'
Society (PGSS), and the November 10th Community Alliance.

Education Week was a completely student-based initiative, inspired by questions
that arose in the context of recent events, such as the MUNACA strike, Nov. 10,
and Dean Jutras' report on the events of Nov. 10.

"Students hear a lot of things, have many questions, but get little answers,"
PGSS VP External Mariève Isabel said. "They wanted to share their concerns and
their hopes for the future of McGill ... while reclaiming that they also should
be part of the decision-making

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 348 DOCUMENTS


                     The McGill Tribune: McGill University

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

The McGill Tribune Admin, students discuss safety

BYLINE: Jimmy Lou and Kyle Ng

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 255 words


On Tuesday, Jan. 24, SSMU, PGSS, MCSS and the Office of the Deputy Provost held
a consultation fair in the SSMU ballroom to facilitate conversations between
students and school administrators on various campus issues, including personal
safety, consultation methods, and free speech.

Participants were divided into small groups of around 10 to 15 people that
rotated around different tables, allowing groups to concentrate on the topic of
each table and to exchange ideas on how to improve the administration and campus
life. While specific topics varied greatly, from the lighting on campus to safe
spaces in the classroom, the events of Nov. 10 remained the key subject
throughout discussions.

Several discussions became heated, including occasional accusations and table
banging, but generally the dialogue was civil and constructive. Both students
and the administration expressed a desire to improve upon the status quo,
especially in light of the three-month-long MUNACA strikes and the Nov. 10
police presence on campus.

Using a personal anecdote to highlight the problem, a student who preferred to
stay anonymous explained his concerns.

"I was involved in the demonstration in November and afterwards I received a
letter saying I was found in violation of certain codes. I was unaware of this
code, and since it was the time of finals, this was quite stressful," he said.
"I think there should be more awareness and information given to the students on
the part of [the] administration so that this sort of thing doesn't happen

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                University Wire
                        Copyright 2012 UWIRE via U-Wire
                              All Rights Reserved
